["Never spend a dull moment at home anymore by getting the TCL C715 127cm (50 Inch) 4K Ultra HD QLED Android Smart TV . The sleek design of this Android TV with an ultra-thin bezel and a wide 178-degree viewing angle makes it perfect to sit back and immerse into the large cinematic screen . Starting from a wide range of free apps, flawless sound to smart integration and control, your TCL TV makes life easier, and entertainment at home better. Crystal-Clear Display TCL C715 127cm (50 Inch) 4K Ultra HD QLED Android Smart TV brings impressive contrast and depth to every image and scene 4K HDR 10+ . With the right balance of light and dark, what you view as final content is nothing sort of realistic images - crisp and fine in detail and vibrant in colour. Taking your visual experience to the next level is Quantum Dot Technology . Brilliant colours with 3D-depth , make every scene a visual treat on this large screen tv. Additionally, Dolby Vision ensures that your vision can expect more brightness, more colour and more depth and dark, making cinemas truly immersive. With Clear Motion Rate technology you don't miss a single punch in the action movies or have to bear blurry details. This technology reduces motion display blur and motion trails for clear display of fast-paced action or sports events. With Freeview Plus and your TCL entertainment hub of Netflix , Prime , YouTube and more, never experience a dull moment at home. This Android Smart TV's Dolby Audio and two 10W speakers , the sound is always in sync with the image. Listen to crystal-clear and rich sound every time you watch a movie or listen to a song. Smart Functions TCL C715 127cm (50 Inch) 4K Ultra HD QLED Android Smart TV lets you hands-free. Control the volume, change channels and even quiz your TCL TV about nearest restaurants and weather with the built-in Google Assistant and Alexa feature. You can even control a whole range of smart home devices from home ac to security cameras to your house doorbell! There's never a dearth for fun and entertainment as this television provides you with an impressive 500,000+ range of tv shows and movies across streaming devices. Further, the Chromecast feature lets you cast your favourite pictures, music and videos onto your Android TV for an enhanced and wide viewing experience.", "When you're with the Samsung Series 8 TU8200 138cm (55 inch) 4K Ultra HD Smart TV , entertainment takes a whole new turn. A 3-sided bezel-less design with a slim body gives this UHD TV a simple yet sophisticated touch. And when you switch on the TV, the frame fades into the backdrop and you immerse wholly into the 3840 X 2160 resolution of this smart TV to immerse you. Top this onto your TV stand or mount it to the wall - either way, it's bound to leave your guests enthralled. It's wire-free , mess-free. Dynamic Visuals With the dynamic Crystal Display , see crisp, clear and detailed pictures in both light and dark scenes on your Samsung Series 8 TU8200 138cm (55 inch) 4K Ultra HD LED Smart TV 's High Dynamic Range draws its power from a wide range of colour brightness and makes every movie scene a visual treat, even the darkest ones. Spend less time searching and more time watching, as the Content Guide of this Smart TV keeps suggesting you the best of visual content out there. The easy-to-use all-access remote lets you seamlessly navigate through the smart hub to reach your favourite content. With this Smart TV, entertainment at its purest is guaranteed thanks to the Crystal Processor 4K that optimises colour, adjusts the contrast ratio and controls HDR . Your Voice, Its Command Gone are the days when your TV was just a mute box blinking rapidly. With Bixby Voice assistance you can talk and command your smart TV. You can also control all your connected devices and with a one-in-all hand remote . Samsung Series 8 TU8200 138cm (55 inch) 4K Ultra HD LED Smart TV works well with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa as well. Use your voice to flick through channels or adjust the volume. What more, it works with Apple AirPlay 2 . Connect your Samsung TV to your iPhone, iPad or Mac and enjoy unlimited videos, photos and iTunes on the stunning Samsung display . Smart Tech Features Samsung Series 8 TU8200 138cm (55 inch) 4K UHD Smart TV features mirroring. Sit back, relax and enjoy your favourite mobile content on your bigger television. This 4K UHD tv lets you have super fun while gaming thanks to the gaming enhancer . Experience, smooth and blur-free visuals. Enjoy a slideshow of your memorable photos on your smart tv. The Ambient Mode of this Samsung tv blends artfully into the backdrop to provide a perfect journey and decor.", "Watch every colour get a life of its own with LG 81.28 cm (32 Inch) HD Ready LED Smart TV . With HD resolution and an IPS Panel , watching movies and diving into games becomes your favourite pastime. With a slim bezel and polished edges, this Smart TV has a wider screen and neatly fits into the decor of your living space. To match the fine picture quality, with DTS Virtual:X and Dolby Audio , the built-in speakers of this TV deliver clear, multi-dimensional audio from every angle. An Intelligent TV For Modern Users Learn to live a smarter way with LG 81.28 cm (32 Inch) HD Ready LED Smart TV . Integrated with LG Smart ThinQ AI you don't have to type texts with your remote to command the TV. Simply use your voice to converse with your TV and skim through its recommendations for you. With this Smart TV, you're one step away. All your favourite shows on Netflix , Prime Video , Hotstar and Youtube are just a button away! Yet another smart feature of this LED TV is the AI Smart Home Dashboard . Connect all the smart devices of your home to your TV and access it remotely with your magic remote. Whether you want to dance to the latest songs or dim the lights and enjoy the theatre experience at home, this TV lets you wirelessly connect your Bluetooth headset or HTS/Sound Bar through 2-way Bluetooth Connectivity . Did you know that this TV also allows you to multitask? You can browse the web and watch tv simultaneously on this Smart TV . Experience Seamless Performance The heart of any Smart TV is a super-fast processor. LG 81.28 cm (32 Inch) HD Ready LED Smart TV is powered by an advanced quad-core processor that intelligently identifies low-resolution pictures, up-scales them to greater accuracy in terms of colour and contrast so that you immerse into an experience of 4K images. You can turn-on the inner gamer with the 4K Active HDR technology of this tv. This multi-HDR format includes HDR10 and HLG and is supported by LG's scene-by-scene adjusting that doubles up the visual experience by providing sharp and detailed video content.", "Built-in refrigerators come with a streamlined look and will blend seamlessly with your kitchen cabinetry. The new LG GL-D201ABGY 190 Litre Refrigerator comes with a brilliant design that will level up your kitchen decor. A galore of features makes this fridge the most desirable in the current market. It comes with a capacity of 190 Litres . It has 4 star rating which is convincing because even continuous use will not consume much units. Assortment of Features The LG GL-D201ABGY 190 Litre Refrigerator gives you a range of features that come handy in your everyday usage. It offers with stabilizer free operation . It gives perfect cooling. It comes with moist 'n fresh which is an innovative lattice-patterned box cover that maintains the moisture at the optimal level. It can work on Solar Energy. Its a Direct cool refrigerator. Gorgeous Design The LG GL-D201ABGY 190 Litre Refrigerator comes with Spillproof toughened glass shelves . It offers with Fastest Ice Making . It is equipped with Anti Bacteria Gasket , Vegetable Basket . It comes with door lock. Has smart inverter compressor . The Smart Connect technology helps you connect your refrigerator to home inverter in case of power cuts.", "Powerful Functioning The Croma CRK2102 steam iron has a transparent water tank that lets you see how much water needs to be refilled. With a 1250 Watts of Power , it delivers powerful performance and gives your fabric the perfect amount of heat that it needs. The variable thermostat settings for temperature allows you to set different temperatures for different types of fabric. The Croma steam iron has a stylish and elegant look to it which proves to be a stylish accessory for you to have. Efficient and Convenient The non-stick Teflon coated soleplate glides through any fabric and efficiently smooths out the fabric giving it the perfect ironing without damaging the fabric. The spray and variable steam function offers a choice so as to have ironing according to your preferences. Iron your clothes with the dry or steam function and have perfectly ironed clothes for you to wear every day. The Steam Boost and the Vertical Shot function give you the needed wetness that is needed to have a precise iron.", "The boAt Airdopes In-Ear Truly Wireless Earbuds with Mic provides with fabulous sound quality Bluetooth v5.0 gives you the comfort of easy connectivity Voice Assistant feature offers you to enjoy your music with ease 500 mAh Battery ensures you to enjoy your music for longer period of time Buy the boAt Airdopes In-Ear Truly Wireless Earbuds with Mic which offers you with fabulous music experience by providing you with awesome sound quality that you can never move on from. Enjoy perfect flexibility and mobility with amazing musical quality with these earbuds giving you a truly awesome audio experience. Use boAt Airdopes In-Ear Truly Wireless Earbuds with Mic which is equipped with the latest Bluetooth v5.0 support. While being lightweight in design pumps out your favorite tunes with powerful sound. It comes with capacitive touch controls . When you get boAt Airdopes In-Ear Truly Wireless Earbuds with Mic online, you also get awesome companion along with its features. It also comes with Voice Assistant feature - Google Assistant , Siri support. It is equipped with with 500 mAh Battery . It comes in an IPX5 design. It offers with deep bass sound . It comes with microphone .", "If you think only bathing is difficult in Winter, you are wrong because even washing hand with freezing cold water is a terrible experience. If you are one who needs warm water for every small purpose, you must install the Faber FWG Glitz 15 Litres Geyser which provides you with warm and comfortable water in winter to ease all your problems. Its 15 Litres capacity is perfect for immediate needs. 8 Bars Pressure . Practical Design With BEE 5-star rated with PUF Technology for Power Savings , the Faber FWG Glitz 15 Litres Geyser makes it the perfect storage water heater to get installed. It has Neon indicator for 'Power On' and 'Heating' that gives status of water heating and readiness. Multi-function safety valve helps regulate heating of water as per need. Adequate Performance The Faber FWG Glitz 15 Litres Geyser gives you pleasantly warm water for all your purposes. It comes with Quadro-Layer Enameled Coated Tank for Longevity, Magnesium Anode Rod for enhanced tank life. The body is made of ABS that prevents rusting and corrosion. It comes with powerful heating element.", "Why buy Viomi S9 UV 30 Watts Robotic Vacuum Cleaner 0.3 Litres Hybrid 2-in-1 Dust Bin Water Tank ensures long-lasting usage LDSLAM Vacuum Technology intelligently navigate your home 2700 Pa Suction Capacity cleans dirt more effectively Lithium-Ion Battery enables up to 180 minutes of cleaning Wi-Fi ,Alexa Support offers smart usage Now, clean your room with ease by getting the Viomi S9 UV 30 Watts Robotic Vacuum Cleaner online, to achieve the best cleaning result for your room. It makes sure that your room is free of dirt. Having Wi-Fi support, this vacuum cleaner can also be controlled with Alexa , responding quickly to your voice commands. It helps in edge cleaning , coming with programmable cleaning intervals . Now you can clean your room with ease. It is equipped with flexible heads along with protective bumpers . Coming with a strong suction power of 2700 Pa , it cleans dirt more effectively. Coming with LDSLAM technology , it ensures effective suction which never misses any dirt. Compared to other vacuum cleaners, the Viomi S9 UV 30 Watts Robotic Vacuum Cleaner is available at a great price. It comes with 0.3 litres hybrid 2-in-1 dust bin water tank which ensures perfect durability, giving long-lasting usage. Buy Viomi S9 UV 30 Watts Robotic Vacuum Cleaner which helps you to get the ultimate cleaning results for your home or offices. Coming with a powerful built-in Lithium-Ion Battery that enables up to 180 minutes of cleaning operation, you get a complete cleaning of your room with a single charge. It is equipped with an auto-docking and recharging feature , so you don't have to worry about charging the vacuum cleaner. It automatically recharges when the Battery runs low and again starts cleaning. It comes with fast charging capability as well. The washable filter also ensures efficient usage. It offers adjustable suction for all surfaces coming with a room-by-room navigation system. Now, clean your house the way you want, anytime, in any place. It is equipped with Cliff Sensor in order to avoid a drop-off. So, wait no more and purchase the Viomi S9 UV 30 Watts Robotic Vacuum Cleaner online, right now!", "Crystal clear images now at an amazing price. A Full HD display meets top of the line technical specification to bring to you an experience. The Note 3 Plus is available exclusively on amazon in Gold and Champagne White . Coolpad has set up Manufacturing units as Maharashtra and Aurangabad to make the smartphones. This initiative was the result of tremendous love and support given to us by the people of India. 5.5 inch fully laminated HD screen with sharp display and real colors . The latest IPS display provides viewing angles up to 178 degree . Enjoy rich clear images and multimedia content on the 1920 x 1080 screen secured by a scratch resistant glass . Indulge in a visual treat that'll redefine your smartphone experience. Dual SIM , dual standby technology which has won awards. 13MP+5MP lets you capture memories with your loved ones. Take multi tasking to the next level with Split Screen option.", "HUAWEI Y9 2019 smartphone has 6.5 inch display Hyper View Full Display with a 19.5:9 ultra-clear notch screen . The Kirin 710 processor is great for high performance, multi-tasking and low power consumption. Its 4000 mAh Battery lets you live worry-free with its big Battery and long standby. AI powered dual front (16MP + 2MP) and rear (13MP + 2MP) cameras effortlessly capture the vivid beauty and depth of filed in the photos for that natural DSLR-like bokeh effect . Capture the Beauty of the Night with up to 50 percent more light for low-light photography and Hand-held night mode . The AI camera can intelligently recognise scenes and is trained to see more than 500+ scene types by creating 22 category labels to provide real-time optimisation. Use your face as a password and wake up the phone with just a glance, enjoying the convenient AI facial recognition feature. The 4GB RAM + 64GB ROM memory with expandable up to 400 GB with a Micro SD memory card gives you the freedom to transition between multiple apps.", "I-Smart IS-58i The phone comes with a 5.7 Inch display touch-screen display with a resolution of 1280 pixels by 720 pixels . The I-Smart IS-58i is powered by 1.3GHz Dual Core MediaTek 6572 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM . The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card . As far as the cameras are concerned, the I-Smart IS-58i packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The I-Smart IS-58i runs Android 7.0 Naught and is powered by a 2800mAh non removable Battery . It measures 155.00 x 77.00 x 8.10 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 162.00 grams . The I-Smart IS-58i is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) . Connectivity options include Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , FM and 4G . Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor , Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor .", "Honor 9N smartphone whose aesthetically pleasing design, with mirror-like effects , redefines the definition of 'beautiful'. What makes this phone an exciting one to have is the fact that it has at least one impressive feature to suit every need. If you are someone who catches up on your favourite shows via your phone, then you can elevate your viewing experience by switching to the immersive Notch Display . For the photographers out there, this phone's 16 MP Front Camera and the 13 + 2 MP Dual Rear Camera will let you capture what you see in an enviable manner. Oh, there is something in store for the gamers out there as well. The Game Suite feature ensures a hassle-free gaming experience.", "Stay connected with the STK Life Plus S Smartphone This ultra-smart device has everything you need to make day to day life a breeze. Using the seamless Android 7.0 Nougat OS operating system, access all of your important apps, photos and files with the touch of a button, with viewing improved, thanks to a 5.5 inch HD screen and 2.5D glass and incredible 32GB expandable internal memory , so you never need to worry about space. Enjoy 4G on the go for enriched connectivity, GPS for a greater navigation experience and get snap-happy with the 8MP rear camera , with integrated autofocus and flash for quality photos to remember every special moment. 5MP Front camera for fun selfies. 4G Enabled for faster, seamless connectivity / Bluetooth V4.0 / WiFi enabled Android 7.0 Nougat OS . Unlocked to any network, you can also make the most of this smartphones dual SIM technology, perfect for taking on holiday or for home to balance personal and business life.", "Why buy Samsung 7 Series 163cm 65 Inch Ultra HD 4K enhances your viewing experience Dolby Digital Plus Technology redefines the sound quality 3 x HDMI and 1 x USB Ports offers easy connectivity options Multi-Voice Assistant with one remote control Tizen Operating System for smooth performance Crystal Processor 4K Picture Engine ensures sharp picture quality Take your viewing experience to the next level by getting the Samsung 7 Series 163cm online, which comes loaded with so many specifications. It not only offers clear picture quality but comes in a gorgeous design. Now, enjoy the visuals on this 65 Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart TV that comes with 3840 x 2160 pixels resolution. It offers fine-tuned color for a vibrant, lifelike picture. PurColor makes watching films feel almost like you're there. It enables the TV to express a huge range of colors for optimal picture performance, and an immersive viewing experience. It provides incredible contrast, perfect clarity, and outstanding details producing more realistic pictures with Crystal Processor 4K Picture Engine . Enjoy pictures that feel deep, natural, and real. Powerful 4K upscaling ensures you get up to 4K resolution for the content you love. You'll also experience more lifelike color expressions due to its sophisticated color mapping technology . Now you can see even the small details in the scene. The High Dynamic Range increases the range of light levels on your TV so you can enjoy an enormous spectrum of colors and all the visual details, in even the darkest scenes. Experience clear picture and performance with Motion Xcelerator because it automatically estimates and compensates frames for the source of contents. The Samsung 7 Series 163cm features Q Symphony sound which uniquely allows TV and soundbar speakers to operate simultaneously for better surround effect without muting TV speakers. Surround yourself with sound from TV and soundbar orchestrated in harmony. It offers 20 watts of audio output so the sound that reaches you is immersive and rich. The ultimate viewing experience deserves incredible audio to match, so it comes loaded with Dolby Digital Plus technology . Witness the flawless picture quality when you buy Samsung 7 Series 163cm that comes loaded with so many exciting features. A sleek and elegant 3 Bezel-less design that draws you to the purest picture. Crafted with an effortless minimalistic style from every angle and a boundless design that sets new standards. Enjoy your entertainment in a whole new way with sound and pictures in perfect harmony. Your TV is now more helpful than ever. Clean Cable Solution keeps your cables tidy and conceals them, reducing clutter and keeping a seamless look for your TV. Easily access your PC, Laptop, and mobile seamlessly on your TV with the PC mode . It comes with Wi-Fi , Bluetooth connectivity support to connect to a high-speed internet network. Not just the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth , you can even stream and transfer high-quality audio and video content from a host of devices, ranging from set-top-boxes to pen drives, with the help of 3 x HDMI and 1 x USB ports. It allows you to access data such as movies, music, and more from a USB device on your television. Mirroring movies or music from your mobile to TV is as simple as a tap. When you tap your TV with your mobile, the TV senses the tap and mirrors automatically. So it's quick and easy to switch to the TV and continue enjoying your favorite content. It comes with Bixby , Amazon Alexa , or Google Assistant support which makes it a smarter choice. The Tizen operating system offers smooth performance. Enjoy free live streaming TV content with the virtual channels, Samsung TV Plus . Meet the content forward browsing experience that speeds up finding what to watch across live TV and OTT with Content Guide . This Smart TV becomes the center of all your entertainment. So, now sit back and enjoy as this Smart TV lets you immerse into content from a wide range of features that are included in it. So, go ahead and purchase the Samsung 7 Series 163cm online, right away!", "LAVA Z91 is the new offering by Lava in its premium Z Series. Keeping up with the technological advancements, LAVA Z91 has 2 recent features - Face Unlock and Full View Display . Face Unlock eliminates the need of pin and pattern passwords by enabling the customers to unlock their phones with their face. It is super secure and easy at the same time. With Full View Display LAVA Z91 is 12.5 percent wider than 16:9 aspect ratio screen which enhances the video watching experience. LAVA Z91 has a premium glass finish which is achieved by OPVD process . 13 MP Rear Camera with F2.0 aperture allows increased light and higher focus which lets you capture brighter and sharper images. 8 MP Front camera with spotlight flash enables you to take beautiful selfies in low light situations. Latest camera features like Bokeh mode , Filters , Funny Cam , Template ensures that you get beautiful pictures every time. Apart from this, OTG support enables you to transfer data from other devices.", "Philips E168 is made to be utterly simple but remarkably capable. 1600mAh Battery , 2.4'' QVGA 240x320 Display , FM Radio and Dual SIM design. All together redefine what's meant to be the quality of mobile communication. Dual SIM for 2 groups of contacts Organize your life better and keep your contacts separate by using 2 different phone numbers. With Dual SIM , you don't need to carry 2 phones around. 6.1 cm (2.4'') QVGA 262K color TFT display for vivid graphics Add fun and excitement to vivid and colorful graphics and photos with your phone's 6.1 cm (2.4'') QVGA 262K color TFT display . Enjoy excellent image quality and response time right at your fingertips! Superb 1600mAh Battery Your Philips mobile phone comes packed with a superb 1600mAh Battery for your seamless connection on the go. With such long Battery performance, you never have to worry about missing a work or family call. Integrated digital camera . Press camera key to take vibrant pictures and use as wallpaper and fotocall , or to send later via MMS. Enjoy the convenience of tuning in to FM Radio the way you want - play it out loud through the phone's speaker or via your headset. Just plug in the headset, which acts as an antenna and select your listening option in the menu. Built-in flashlighth grope around in the dark for your keys or the light switch? Just rely on the handy built-in flashlight in your mobile phone to shed light on any situation.", "The BlackBear i7 Trio Exclusive launched. This Phone has 2.0 inch big screen colored display with all required features like Bluetooth , Wireless FM Radio , Java Games-Snake , Digital 2MP Camera with Flash , Inbuilt Memory , Music Player , Internet Browsing, Social Networking, Video Recording , Notifications Bar that glows when you receive a Text, Miss a Call and when your Battery is low. You will drool over this extraordinary Flip phone . This mobile has multiple mobile language you can use your mother tongue as English, Hindi, Gujarati, Bengali, Urdu accordingly.", "Redmi 9A comes with Octa-core Helio G25 processor and up to 2.0GHz clock speed . It also comes with 13 MP AI Rear camera along with 5 MP front camera . The Redmi 9A also features 16.58 centimeters (6.53 inch) HD + display with 720x1600 pixels . It also comes with 5000 mAh Battery .", "With Samsung Galaxy M31s Samsung introduces a 6000 mAh Battery with a 25 Watt Fast charger for the first time in this price segment- along with all round features comprising of a 64 MP rear camera in Quad camera set up and an immersive + sAMOLED Infinity-O Display .", "Motivation in motion. Pure and simple fun. Apple Watch Nike+ is the latest in a long-running partnership between two of the world's most innovative brands. From leading-edge comfort to the way it connects you to your running buddies through the Nike+ Run Club, it's your perfect running partner- on your wrist. Like all Apple Watch Series 2 models, Apple Watch Nike+ has built-in GPS to track your pace, distance, and route - even if you don't have your iPhone with you. With the brightest display Apple has ever made, your metrics are easy to read, no matter how much the sun glares. And Apple Watch Nike+ is rated water resistant 50 meters , so you can even take a post-run dip in the pool. Made from the same durable, lightweight fluoroelastomer as the original Apple Watch Sport Band, the Nike Sport Band reduces weight and improves ventilation via row after row of compression-molded perforations . International Version Designed specifically for Apple Watch, these faces feature Nike's iconic Volt color and boldly display the time in both digital and analog styles. There's also a complication for launching the Nike+ Run Club app.", "The Samsung Gear Fit is the first curved, Super AMOLED wearable device for active lifestyles. Empower your fitness with real-time coaching and heart rate monitoring without sacrificing style or connectivity. Wherever your day takes you, Samsung Gear Fit matches any occasion with interchangeable bands and screens so you can look and feel your best. Achieve your fitness goals and improve your overall wellness with smarter monitoring and motivation Interchangeable bands with multiple options. Always-on activity tracking keeps track of your activities throughout the day and is prepared for any adventure with its dust and water resistant protection. Light and durable with a curved Super AMOLED display.", "Time to slash down excess noise while consuming music with the all new Skullcandy Venue Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones . Only Skullcandy headphones are custom-tuned to deliver music you can feel. From the lyrics in your soul to the bass in your bones. Skullcandy spends hundreds of hours designing, testing and perfecting every Skullcandy product in their headquarters in Utah with engineers who love and appreciate music and understand what you really require on the go. This over-ear beast of a headphone comes with an impedance of 32 ohms and a driver diameter of 40 mm with Bluetooth or wired connectivity and the frequency response of 20 hz-20 kHz . Total Harmonic Distortion being less than 1% makes the audio experience on these headphones clear and vibrant with a sound pressure level of 97.3 decibels at 1 kHz . These headphones come with refined acoustics for a solid and satisfying audio experience. The Game Changer Called Venue These headphones are built with the revolutionary Venue feature built-in Tile technology . Whether you're commuting on the subway, tuning out a roommate's TV, or escaping the distractions of an open office, Venue helps you create your own quiet space with the active noise cancelling function filtering out unwanted noise so all you hear is your music thus making it extremely suitable for the audiophile and music enthusiasts for prolonged and hassle free music consumption. Moreover Venue feature built-in Tile technology so you can track your headphones anywhere, anytime. Battery and More Features The Skullcandy Venue Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones comes with 24 hours of Battery life with rapid charge technology providing 5 hours of use with 10 minutes of charging. The Venue also lets you answer a question or order a coffee without taking off your headphones. With the quick touch of a button, you can use Venue to activate your device's voice assistant to get directions or message your friends.", "Why buy Philips 8200 Android TV 9 (Pie) gives an amazing viewing experience 164 cm Ultra HD 4K Display offers perfect clarity Google Assistant Support to control the TV with your voice 4 HDMI , 2 USB , Bluetooth 4.2 , Wi-Fi Support ensures easy connectivity Buy Philips 8200 online, to get an amazing Android Smart TV for your home. The screen size is of 164 cm . This 4K UHD TV brings content to life with rich colors and crisp contrast. Images have more depth, and motion is smooth. Movies, shows, games, and more look great no matter the source. It comes with a resolution of 3840 x 2160 pixels . It comes with Google Assistant Support support. Control the TV with your voice. Works with Alexa as well. It runs on Android TV 9 (Pie) operating system. Memory size (Flash) is 16GB ROM . It comes with SimplyShare feature as well. It is equipped with Quad Core processing power . It comes with HEVC , MPEG2 , MPEG4 support. It comes with a Signal strength indication . The output power (RMS) is 16 watts power . Purchase Philips 8200 and get to experience its awesome features. The Philips P5 engine delivers a picture as brilliant as the content you love. Details have noticeably more depth. Colors are vivid, while skin tones look natural. The contrast is so crisp you'll feel every detail. Motion is perfectly smooth. Support for Dolby's premium sound and video formats means the HDR content you watch will look-and sound-gloriously real. Whether it's the latest streaming series or a Blu-Ray disc set, you'll enjoy the contrast, brightness, and color that reflect the director's original intentions. And hear spacious sound with clarity, detail, and depth. Go beyond traditional TV programming with YouTube , Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Google Play Store, Philips App Gallery, Google Play Movies, Google Play Music, Google Search. Experience endless movies, TV, music, apps, and games online. It comes with 4 HDMI , 2 USB ports support. It also has Bluetooth 4.2 , Wi-Fi support. Book Philips 8200 online, right away!", "Why buy Apple TV HD 32GB Media Streaming Box A8 Chip Processor with 64-bit architecture HD Picture quality enhances your viewing experience rechargeable battery provides months of Battery life on a single charge 32GB storage capacity makes it more efficient Easy Streaming Of Apps for all in one entertainment Wi-Fi , Bluetooth 5.0 support for easy connectivity Your TV viewing experience is sure to be redefined when you get the feature-packed Apple TV HD 32GB Media Streaming Box online. The TV box introduces you to a new world of television viewing with its amazing HD picture quality. It almost takes you into a world of reality by enhancing your viewing experience to a whole new level. The Apple TV box remote comes with extremely precise Siri controls which allow easy and convenient operation. It comes with Bluetooth 5.0 wireless technology, IR transmitter for ease of usage. It also has a lightning connector for charging. The rechargeable battery provides months of Battery life on a single charge (with typical daily usage). You can charge it via USB-C to the computer system or power adapter (sold separately). Control your TV or receiver via IR transmitter or CEC . It comes with voice guidance support it offers convenient usage and easy streaming of apps. Coming with so many features, the Apple TV HD 32GB Media Streaming Box is available at a great price. It is compatible with HDTV with HDMI 1.4 , wireless keyboards . The video format support includes HEVC SDR up to 1080p 30 fps , Main/Main 10 profile, H.264 video up to 1080p 60 fps , High or Main Profile level 4.2 or lower, H.264 Baseline Profile level 3.0 or lower with AAC-LC audio up to 160 Kbps per channel, 48kHz , stereo audio in m4v , mp4 file formats, MPEG-4 video up to 2.5 Mbps , 640 by 480 pixels , 30 fps. From TV shows, movies and live sports to thousands of games and apps, it's all available when you buy Apple TV HD 32GB Media Streaming Box . Enjoy content from iTunes and apps like Amazon Prime Video, ESPN, Hulu and Netflix - or use the Apple TV Remote (2nd generation), with its more precise control, to find just what you want. And with the Apple TV app, you can enjoy all your favourite content on iPhone, iPad and Apple TV. With audio support of HE-AAC V1 , AAC up to 320 Kbps , protected AAC , MP3 up to 320 Kbps , MP3 VBR , Apple Lossless , FLAC , AIFF and WAV ; AC-3 ( Dolby Digital 5.1 ) and E-AC-3 ( Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound), it becomes your all in one entertainment source and takes your television viewing experience to a whole new level. It comes with a 32GB storage capacity. It has the ability to connect to a wide range of devices makes it an extremely versatile option with its HDMI 1.4 port, 10/100BASE-T Ethernet , Wi-Fi , USB-C support. These connectivity options allow you to connect a wide range of devices and enjoy an immersive visual experience. It is easy to set up. Coming with an A8 Chip Processor with 64-bit architecture , convert your living room into your personal little theatre as it gives you a visual delight like never before. The HD display sets new standards and provides you with clear and crisper pictures to enjoy your favourite movies. It delivers better colours, brighter and vivid pictures so that your TV viewing experience is transformed completely. Also, the accessibility features help people with disabilities to get the most out of it. With built-in support for vision, hearing, mobility and learning, you can easily find and enjoy your favourite entertainment. The features include VoiceOver , Zoom , Bold Text , Increase Contrast , Reduce Motion , Closed Caption and SDH Support , Accessibility Shortcut , Dictation . So go ahead and order the Apple TV HD 32GB Media Streaming Box online, right now!", "Why buy Sony Bravia W830 Series 80cm X-Reality Pro upscales every pixel for exceptional clarity With Voice Search there's no more complicated navigation Chromecast built-in TV lets you cast your favourite videos, games and apps from your mobile device Android Operating System provides smooth performance Dolby Audio sound for a fully engrossing audio experience Wi-Fi , Bluetooth 4.2 Support helps to connect compatible devices wirelessly to your TV Enjoy the amazing features by getting the Sony Bravia W830 Series 80cm online. It is powered by the Android operating system , which can be the ideal choice for all your entertainment. It not only offers clear picture quality but comes in a gorgeous narrow bezel design . The X-Reality Pro picture processing upscales every pixel for exceptional clarity. As frames are analysed, each scene is matched with our special image database to refine images and reduce noise. See how the architecture in the buildings is enhanced with extra detail. Now, enjoy the visuals on this 32 Inch HD Ready Smart TV that comes with 1366 x 768 pixels resolution. Dynamic Backlight Control , or pixel-level lighting control , helps to improve energy efficiency by adjusting display brightness as picture content changes. Live Colour Technology provides rich, accurate color and deeper contrast, that let you notice crisp detail. The Power Saving Mode helps to save energy by adjusting the display brightness. The Display Off Mode saves energy by turning the picture display off without needing to put the TV into full stand-by mode, so audio can still be enjoyed. It is having Wi-Fi connectivity support to connect to a high-speed internet network and also has Bluetooth 4.2 connectivity support. Not just the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2 , you can even stream and transfer high-quality audio and video content from a host of devices, ranging from set-top-boxes to pen drives, with the help of 3 HDMI and 2 USB ports. It allows you to access data such as movies, music and more from a USB device on your television. The smart remote comes with hotkeys for easy access to your favourite content. Buy Sony Bravia W830 Series 80cm online and get to enjoy the various features of this amazing Smart TV. It comes with Motionflow XR 200 (Native 50 Hz) motion enhancer along with HDR support to define every detail. The Smart TV comes with YouTube , Music , Netflix , Amazon Prime Video , MX Player , VLC , MX Player support as well. With easy access to all of your favourite content, services and devices, this Smart Android TV makes life simpler. The Sony Bravia W830 Series 80cm features powerful dual Full Range (Open Baffle) speakers having 20 watts audio output so the sound that reaches you is immersive and rich. The Dolby Audio sound will allow you to get fully immersed in the amazing audio experience. It gives a fabulous audio experience at home that delivers impressive low-end sound that's ideal for movies, sport and music. Built with the new and improved X-Protection Pro technology are made to last. Chromecast built-in TV lets you cast your favourite videos, games and apps from your mobile device, in full quality, to your Chromecast built-in TV . So, immerse yourself into your favourite contents of this Android Smart TV as it comes with Google Play Store . Connect to a Google Assistant enabled device for hands-free control of your Sony TV. It also works with Google Home , Alexa , and can also be controlled with a simple mobile app on your Android or iOS phone, Android TV Remote App. With Voice Search , there's no more complicated navigation or tiresome typing - you just have to ask. Discover worlds of entertainment on this Smart TV, brought to life in beautiful colour by the realism of our picture and sound technology. So, what are you waiting for? Purchase the Sony Bravia W830 Series 80cm online, right away!", "Meet the POCO F1 - the first flagship smartphone from POCO by Xiaomi. The POCO F1 sports Qualcomm flagship Snapdragon 845 processor , an octa-core CPU with a maximum clock speed of 2.8 GHz which is supported by 6 GB of LPDDR4X RAM . It is coupled with a LiquidCool Technology that allows the device to sustain peak performance for a longer period of time. On the back, it features a 12MP + 5MP Dual Pixel AI dual camera setup. The main camera sensor features 1.4 um pixels , Dual Pixel Autofocus , and Multi-frame noise reduction . On the front, it sports a 20 MP high-res front camera and IR Face unlock . POCO F1 also boasts of a massive 4000 mAh (typ) Battery with Quick Charge 3.0 to keep you going all-day long.", "The Infinity Super AMOLED display of the new Galaxy J6 offers the best-in-class viewing experience. Samsung's proprietary Infinity Super AMOLED technology delivers stunning colour reproduction and the deepest contrasts. The 18.5:9 display ratio delivers more viewing area, for an unparalleled experience. Un-bezel your imagination. The fluid body is wrapped with smooth curves for a virtually continuous screen. The placement of finger-print sensor at the back gives you a comfortable grip and wider playing field to enjoy movies and games. So, it's only bound to unlimit your experience. Reinvent the way you shop with Samsung Mall . Just snap anything you wish to own and be ready to grab it. The unique AI-powered visual search shows you endless options across popular online platforms. So, just shoot it and shop it, instantly. Defy the norms and stun everyone with your incredible shots. The powerful 8MP front and 13MP rear camera with F1.9 aperture , push you to turn moments into crisper, more natural and richly detailed photos, day or night. Unlock your phone in the fastest and coolest way with Face Recognition . The advanced front camera is more than just a camera. It helps ensure your phone is secure so your content remains private. After all, why just limit your face to selfies? Entertainment has no boundaries now. The all-new Chat-Over-Video feature allows you to use popular messaging apps without having to pause or resize your video. The transparent keyboard ensures your video viewing is not hampered so you can enjoy an uninterrupted viewing experience. Go on, binge and chat or chat and binge, non-stop. Set new records with the speed you've always wished for. The latest operating system - Android O , coupled with next-gen processor , 4GB RAM and 64GB , memory lets you multitask as fast as you can.", "This GSM Fixed Wireless dual SIM phone supports Quad band and dual SIMs .It support GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz .It Only supports GSM 3G , 4G voice only, no data.Except Jio it supports all 4G Sims But at 2G Capabilities. Special features Two Way SMS , voice mail and caller ID , Loud speaker phone, High Quality Voice communication, Large LCD with backlight and status icons , Power on/off, Long Battery power stand-by and talk-time, Menu driven interface or easy operation, Last number redial , Ergonomically Design , Show or hide calling numbers, AC power supply", "The Croma Powerbank 5000MAH CA0076 EPU55 can keep all your devices charged in an easy manner and is very functional. It comes with a massive 5000 mAh Battery which can charge your tablet or Smartphones multiple times. It is compact and portable . It has a durable aluminium body that makes the device extremely hardy, stylish and durable. It can hold up to 80 percent charge for 12 months. Dual USB Output This Croma Powerbank 5000MAH CA0076 EPU55 features dual USB cable ports for charging. The 2.4 A maximum current output allows fast charging of your devices. It features built-in overload and short circuit protection which ensures that in case of fluctuating current, your device and Powerbank will not get damaged. It also features an over discharge protection mechanism to preserve Battery life. Easy to Use This stylish Powerbank from Croma takes very little time to completely charge. Given its massive 5000 mAh Battery capacity, it charges fairly quickly. An integrated USB cable gives you added convenience as you do not need to carry a separate cable. This Powerbank is easy to use, simply plug in your device and it will start charging. It is of great use while travelling.", "Enjoy breathtaking music wherever you go without compromising on your style statement with the utilitarian and high on performance JBL T290 In Ear Headphones . The pair of earphones with its aluminum housing makes each day stylish while the high quality sound experience helps you to be on the move every day. The 8.7mm drivers let you experience some serious bass to give you a studio and concert like feel while the multifunction button gives you a wide variety of controls to give you a user friendly experience. The built-in microphone gives you a hands free calling experience as it allows you to receive calls even when you are on the go. Its tangle free design coupled with amazing sound and premium aluminum build make it an ideal music partner for you. Brilliant Performance Not only can you hear your favourite songs wherever you are but the built-in microphone also aids in giving you a better calling experience. You can receive your calls easily while you are on the go and the microphone allows you to communicate with ease. The music you experience is of the highest quality as the 3.5mm jack along with its 8.7mm drivers give you some serious bass and a concert like feel. The multifunction button allows you to control a lot of functions like call receiving, call rejection, play, pause and so on for a comfortable user experience. Comfortable and Stylish Apart from delivering high quality sound, the earphones are extremely comfortable and easy on the ears. The comfortable design allows the earphone to fit snugly inside the ear canal and they also provide superior isolation from outside noise as well as an increased bass response, without resorting to more costly electronic noise-cancellation features. The tangle free wires save you from the horrors of having to untangle your earphones. They also come with three ear tips of different sized to suit your personal needs. The stylish aluminum housing lets you move out in style and makes it an ideal option for everyday use.", "Now experience powerful sound and extra bass in this lightweight and at the same time powerful JBL Tune 110 Wired Earphones that features a very compact design. Its negligible weight makes it portable and enables easy transportation and provides comfortable all-day wear-if you are out for a run, relaxing at the beach or anywhere. These are in-ear earphones . Extra-Ordinary Sound The JBL Tune 110 Wired Earphones offers with JBL pure bass sound that enhances your music listening experience. The sound is deep and powerful. It is your everyday companion for work, at home and on the road. It comes with a flat tangle-free cable . It comes with dynamic frequency response range of 20 Hz - 20 kHz . Designed For Convenience This JBL Tune 110 Wired Earphones comes with the single-button remote on a tangle-free flat cable lets you control music playback, as well as answer calls on the fly with a built-in microphone . It comes with silicon ear tip material.", "A gas stove is a stove that is fuelled by combustible gas. Presenting you the Lifelong LLGS118 Glass Manual Gas Stove which provides you with perfect usage. Developed specially for the kitchen usage, with powerful burners suited for your favourite cuisines. It is very easy to use as well. It enhances the look of your kitchen. Awesome Usage The Lifelong LLGS118 Glass Manual Gas Stove will be an efficient cooking essential in your kitchen to prepare delicious home-made food. This durable kitchen appliance features 2 forged brass burners , a toughened glass layer , and anti-skid feet for efficient and safe cooking. The anti-skid feet keep it stationary even when force or pressure is used. Thus, it makes this gas stove safe and comfortable to use. Brilliant Performance The Lifelong LLGS118 Glass Manual Gas Stove is equipped with an awesome design that gives long lasting usage. It comes in a rectangle shape . It is equipped with nylon rotary knobs . It is ISI certified . It comes with manual ignition . The gas inlet nozzle style is uni-directional.", "Why buy Samsung 7 Series QLED Tizen Operating System ensures smooth performance Object Tracking Sound Lite (OTS Lite) delivers a 3D surround sound Quantum Processor 4K Picture Engine ensures sharp picture quality 65 Inch Ultra HD 4K enhances your viewing experience 4 x HDMI and 2 USB ports offers easy connectivity options Multi-Voice Assistant with one remote control Boost up your gaming picture by getting the Samsung 7 Series QLED online. Now, enjoy your entertainment in a whole new way with sound and picture in perfect harmony. It not only offers clear picture quality but also comes in a gorgeous design. With Certified AMD FreeSync Premium Pro core technology, you'll experience reduced stutter and screen tearing as well as a superior combination of smooth gaming at peak performance, exceptional high dynamic range visuals and low latency for true game-winning performance. Coming with the Quantum Dot technology which delivers our finest picture ever. Quantum Dot takes light and turns it into a breathtaking color that stays true at any level of brightness. Now, enjoy the visuals on this 65 Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart TV that comes with 3840 x 2160 pixels resolution. Quantum Processor drives all-around performance, intelligently optimizing picture, sound, and more to give you a truly breathtaking viewing experience. Now you can see even the small details in the scene. The innovative backlighting technology delivers bolder and more accurate contrast by optimizing the backlight color tone to match the type of content being watched. The Quantum HDR brings out the detail and contrast, so you can experience the full power in every image. Going beyond leading standards, the dynamic tone mapping of HDR10+ creates deeper blacks, more vibrant imagery, and detail that always shines through. With Motion Xcelerator Turbo+ , conquer every enemy, even at soaring speeds. With exceptional motion enhancements up to 4K 120 Hz , you can enjoy gameplay with ultra-smooth action without lag and motion blur. Get the ultimate gaming experience with the Super Ultrawide GameView and Game Bar . It comes with Wi-Fi , Bluetooth connectivity support to connect to a high-speed internet network. Not just the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth , you can even stream and transfer high-quality audio and video content from a host of devices, ranging from set-top-boxes to pen drives, with the help of 4 x HDMI and 2 USB ports . It allows you to access data such as movies, music, and more from a USB device on your television. Get a stunning viewing experience when you buy Samsung 7 Series QLED which comes loaded with various exciting features. Having an AirSlim design with a 3 Bezel-less look that draws you to the purest picture. It comes in a mind-blowing slim design that you've never seen before in this category, making your TV blends into the wall seamlessly. Wide Viewing Angle lets you see brilliant color from more angles with less color distortion. Even when viewing from the side, you get the full picture every time. Experience a perfect picture without going through any adjustments in the settings because it automatically changes the brightness and contrast of the screen depending on the viewing condition and content you are watching. The Samsung 7 Series QLED features SpaceFit Sound so that you can enjoy an optimized sound in alignment with the installation environment, whether it is on the wall or on the table, providing an optimal sound experience. Active Voice Amplifier (AVA) helps to emphasize the voice of the scene so that the TV can deliver clear dialogues to viewers. Q-Symphony uniquely allows TV and soundbar speakers to operate simultaneously for better surround effect without muting TV speakers. It also comes with Object Tracking Sound Lite (OTS Lite) . A 3D surround sound with the virtual top channel audio will allow you to be fully immersed in the audio experience. It offers 20 watts audio output so the sound that reaches you is immersive and rich. The ultimate viewing experience deserves incredible audio to match, so it comes loaded with Dolby Digital Plus technology. Your TV is now more helpful than ever. With MultiView , you can watch what's on your TV and your mobile on the same screen at the same time. Whether it's live stats for sports or cheat videos for games, simply connect your phone and multi-screen like never before. Mirroring movies or music from your mobile to TV is as simple as a tap. When you tap your TV with your mobile, the TV senses the tap and mirrors automatically. So it's quick and easy to switch to the TV and continue enjoying your favourite content. It comes with Bixby , Amazon Alexa , or Google Assistant support which makes it a smarter choice. The Tizen Operating System offers smooth performance. Easily access your PC, Laptop, and mobile seamlessly on your TV with the PC mode. Enjoy free live streaming TV content with the virtual channels, Samsung TV Plus . Meet the content-forward browsing experience that speeds up finding what to watch across live TV and OTT with Content Guide . This Smart TV becomes the center of all your entertainment. So, now sit back and enjoy as this Smart TV lets you immerse into content from a wide range of features that are included in it. So, wait no more! Purchase the Samsung 7 Series QLED online, right now!", "Enjoy a warm bath at any time of the day with Venus Celo 10 L Vertical Geyser . With a capacity of 10 litres , it withstands temperature up to 1000\u00b0C . What more? It comes with a real-time display of the temperature as well. It's not only the classic white shade blending with your bathroom decor that makes Venus Celo 10 L Vertical Geyser but also the numerous technological benefits that make this geyser popular among the masses. Power-Packed With Technology And Efficiency Compared to traditional water heating systems, Venus Celo 10 L Vertical Geyser keeps the water hot for a longer duration and doesn't let the geyser corrode in hard water zones because it contains Porcelain Enamel Glass Lined tanks and is Hard Water Proof . Even the heating element of this geyser is glass-lined with Incoloy 800 , an alloy that decreases heat loss and fights corrosion. keeps the water hotter for longer, even in hard water. Also, the Heat Retention Technology used in this geyser ensures 16% lower thermal losses. It is further integrated with maximum safety features such as Automatic Thermostat and Multifunction Valve that protects you and your device from overheating and high pressure. Economic And Safe To Use The engineering of Venus Celo 10 L Vertical Geyser entails a 3cm thick PUF insulation retains the heat for a longer duration and cuts down the energy consumption. The Scaleguard Technology used by this geyser prevents the formation of scale, a corrosive solid that affects the heat transfer capacity of a geyser thereby leading to increased energy consumption. Hence, low energy consumption means that more money ends up in your wallet.", "It's time to go big with the Redmi Note 7 Pro 's 16-cm (6.3) FHD+ Dot Notch display . Powered by a 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 675 processor and 6 GB of RAM , this smartphone lets you experience the next level of performance and control. With a (48 MP + 5 MP) dual-rear camera , a 13 MP front camera , and features such as Face Unlock and 4K Video Recording , the Redmi Note 7 Pro truly puts a new spin on your smartphone experience. Enjoy a seamless and efficient smartphone experience, thanks to the powerful 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 675 processor . Whether you're playing games, watching videos, or browsing the Internet, the Redmi Note 7 Pro delivers a super-fast performance. It also comes with 128 GB of storage capacity, so you can store all your pictures and music with ease. Featuring a (48 MP + 5 MP) dual-rear camera setup, the Redmi Note 7 Pro lets you click gorgeous pictures, capturing every little detail. Its 48MP Sony IMX586 and sensor Electronic Image Stabilisation feature let you shoot steady and shake-free videos.", "Your printing preferences are sure to be met with ease as you go about your work or your child goes about his project with the efficient Canon Pixma All-in-One Ink Tank Printer that comes packed with a number of features to give you a smooth user experience. The printer gives you printing speeds of up to 8.8 ipm for mono A4 sheets and up to 5 ipm for color which helps you to save time when you need to print a huge bulk of documents. The printer that can run on high yield ink bottles prints up to 7000 pages for you to enjoy uninterrupted printing and so that your work is not halted regularly. Apart from its high-quality performance and long lasting service, the printer has a compact space saving design which helps you to place it on a wide range of spaces according to your convenience. Printing can be a costly affair especially when you have a bulk of printing to do. The Canon Pixma All-in-One Ink Tank Printer gives you a very cost effective option where each ink bottle allows you to print up to 7000 pages . The precise 4800 (horizontal) x 1200 (vertical) dpi helps you scan high-quality documents. The printer provides you with improved color image quality with sharp black text while the printer also comes with over 100 types of templates to create posters or flyers for small businesses making it a very useful option to have.Apart from being an efficient performer, the Canon Pixma All-in-One Ink Tank Printer also boasts of a very convenient and space efficient design that gives you more reasons to bring it home. The built-in integrated ink tanks create a compact printer body while you can also check the ink levels with a quick glance.", "Your printing preferences will be met with ease when you buy HP DeskJet Ink Advantage 4178 Wireless Color All-in-One Inkjet Printer that comes packed with a number of features to give you a user-friendly experience. Witness the best value for essential print, scan, copy, and mobile fax. This printer also supports voice-activated printing that makes it a smarter choice. Having a 35-page auto-feeder , this printer works fast and hands-free, scans and copies jobs quickly. It is equipped with built-in wireless capabilities. Dual-band Wi-Fi with self-reset enables faster, more reliable connections. Print documents, get high-quality scanning and sharing and make copies from your smartphone with the help of the HP Smart app . Now, you can also connect with Bluetooth support. This printer is designed with a control panel having Fixed icons display; 7 buttons (Power, Cancel-Job, Resume, Info, Wireless, Color Copy, and Black Copy); 5 LED indicator light (Power, Ink level, Wi-Fi, resume, and Info) for ease of usage. The processor speed is 180 MHz which ensures smooth performance. The printer comes with a maximum memory capacity of 512MB DDR1 ; 160MB flash having a monthly duty cycle of up to 1000 pages. Hence, this printer allows you to enjoy uninterrupted printing so that your work is not halted regularly. This printer is compatible with Windows 10 , macOS Sierra v10.12 (previously OS X), macOS High Sierra v10.13 , macOS Mojave v10.14 .", "Count on dark, crisp text, and get vibrant color graphics for all your prints when you buy HP Smart Tank 530 Wireless Color All-in-One Inkjet Printer . Get faster, more reliable connections with dual-band Wi-Fi support. It is an All-in-One printer that prints pages-after-pages quickly. It can be the ideal choice for your office or home usage. With integrated ink tanks and an automatic ink sensor , you get a compact, spill-free refill system that makes it easy to manage ink. It is perfect for low-cost, high-volume printing - up to 8000 color pages or up to 6000 black pages . This printer is designed with a control panel having 5.59 cm (2.2) Touchscreen MGD (Mono graphics), power button , touch button (home, help, back) for ease of usage. The processor speed is 1.2 GHz which ensures smooth performance. It comes with a scan resolution (Optical) of up to 1200 dpi . Having HP Thermal Inkjet technology ensures amazing print quality. It has a print speed of up to 11 ppm (black) and 5 ppm (color) . It also offers manual (driver support provided) Duplex printing to reduce paper consumption. It offers up to a maximum of 99 copies. This printer can also be used via Hi-Speed USB 2.0 and Bluetooth LE support for ease of usage. It offers fast performance and also supports multitasking. Being Energy Star certified ensures reliable usage. So, go ahead and order the HP Smart Tank 530 Wireless Color All-in-One Inkjet Printer online, now!", "A printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. Presenting you the Canon MF Laserjet MF232W Printer which offers you with perfect usage. Scan Driver Compatibility: TWAIN , WIA , ICA . It has power save mode . Has hot keys for easy access. Maximum Number of Copies: 999 copies . Offers booklet printing . Operational Panel is of 6.9 cm BW LCD . This Canon MF Laserjet MF232W Printer is a compact all-in-one printer with print, copy and scan functions. The print language is UFR II LT . It has wired LAN , Wi-Fi , Wi-Fi direct feature. The device memory is of 256 Mb . Print Speed (A4) is of 23 ppm . Print Resolution is of 600 x 600dpi . Print Quality with Image Refinement Technology: 1200 x 1200 dpi (equivalent) .The Canon MF Laserjet MF232W Printer comes with wireless connectivity . Offers monochrome laser beam printing . First Copy Time (FCOT) A4 is 9.0s . Colour Depth: 24 bit . High-Speed Ethernet support . Compatible operating system: Microsoft Windows 10 , Linux .", "With a seamless setup experience, your printing preferences are sure to meet when you buy HP Neverstop Laser 1200w Wireless Black & White Multi-Function Laserjet Printer . This printer comes with a galore of features giving you a perfect printing experience. The World's First Toner Tank with easy reload . This printer works efficiently which helps you to get up to 5000 pages before your first reload with toner engineered for high-volume printing. The high-capacity toner is designed to minimize interruptions and downtime. Coming with print, scan, and copy functionality, this versatile multifunction printer helps you to breeze through tasks. It comes with a Flatbed scanner for the perfect scanning experience having a maximum scan size of 216 x 297 mm for effective usage. This printer is compatible with Windows 10 , 2 GB available hard disk space, CD-ROM/DVD drive or Internet connection, USB port , Internet Explorer . Apple OS X EI Capitan (v10.11) . Having a processor speed of 500 MHz , the printer performs smoothly. The printer comes with a memory capacity of 64MB .Designed with a mess-free, self-reloadable toner system , get the HP Neverstop Laser 1200w Wireless Black & White Multi-Function Laserjet Printer online, which is a blend of functionalities. It gives you the freedom to work from anywhere. Now, print without a router with Wi-Fi Direct . You can print, scan, and copy from virtually anywhere with the HP Smart App . Print from Dropbox and Google Drive , or folders on your smartphone. It comes with a scan resolution (Optical) of up to 600 dpi . Count on getting consistently superb prints for an ultra low cost with Laser print technology. Get sharp text and bold black when you print documents and more. It offers up to a maximum of 99 copies . It comes with a print speed of up to 21 ppm (black) .", "Now, you can handle your everyday printing needs as soon as you buy HP DeskJet 2332 Color All-in-One Inkjet Printer . Connect with USB and download the HP Smart app for a guided setup experience from your PC. Print, scan , and copy everyday documents with the most affordable all-in-one printer from HP. This printer is equipped with a control panel having 5 buttons (Cancel, Resume, Color Copy, Mono Copy, and Power); 2 LED Indicator lights (Color Ink and Black Ink) which make it more user-friendly. Having HP Thermal Inkjet technology, it gives amazing quality prints. It offers up to a maximum of 9 copies . It comes with a print speed of up to 7.5 ppm (black) and 5.5 ppm (color) .", "Get versatile performance by getting the HP DeskJet 2332 Color All-in-One Inkjet Printer online. Choose high-yield cartridges to get a better value for frequent printing. This printer comes with Energy savings feature like HP Auto-Off Technology. Offering a monthly duty cycle of up to 1000 pages , this printer can be the perfect choice for your home or office usage. It comes with a scan resolution (Optical) of up to 1200 dpi , it gives perfect scanning results. It is equipped with Contact Image Sensor (CIS) and Flatbed scanner that gives a perfect scanning experience. It comes with a Front-panel scan input mode for efficient usage. It has 128 MB SDRAM , 32MB flash memory to store and process print jobs. This printer can be used via its 1 Hi-Speed USB 2.0 support for ease of usage. ", "Get ready to face any work challenge as the Dell Vostro 3400 (D552176WIN9D) Core i3 11th Gen Laptop features a new look loaded with advanced specifications. It comes with a powerful processor along with Windows 10 operating system which helps you perform your regular activities along with fun games. The Intel Core i3-1115G4 Processor is a superbly fast processor which takes your productivity, creativity to a whole new level and never lets you slow down so that the quality and quantity of your work are never compromised. Stay in sync with the latest technology when you buy Dell Vostro 3400 (D552176WIN9D) Core i3 11th Gen Laptop as it comes loaded with various useful features. The 4GB DDR4 RAM makes sure you can multitask between different tabs providing you with super-fast responsiveness. The Intel UHD Graphics gives you a delightful gaming experience. It has a 1TB HDD and 256GB NVMe SSD to make it more efficient and productive which lets you store your important official data and videos. For an enhanced computing experience, bring home this Dell Vostro 3400 (D552176WIN9D) Core i3 11th Gen Laptop online, which is available at a great price. It ensures your efficiency levels are on point. Coming with stereo speakers and Waves Maxxaudio pro , experience fabulous audio and visual experience while watching movies and playing games on this laptop where the quality of your entertainment is not compromised. It comes with a 14-inch FHD LED Backlit Anti-glare display which ensures perfect clarity. The stunning display coming with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels allows you to enjoy watching videos and playing games with full clarity. This laptop is an ideal choice for those who prefer multitasking. So, go ahead and book the Dell Vostro 3400 (D552176WIN9D) Core i3 11th Gen Laptop online, right away!", "Enjoy lightning-fast speed as soon as you buy the Asus Vivobook 11th Gen Core i3 Windows 10 Laptop . This laptop comes with a storage capacity of 256 SSD to make it more efficient and productive which lets you store all your files within this laptop. It is equipped with Intel UHD Graphics which gives the ultimate feel. Experience the speedy performance with advanced specifications, this laptop is one of the best laptops available in the market. Having 8 GB RAM , you can revel in powerful performance without interrupting your work. Now, maintain the perfect balance between entertainment and intense deadlines without any fallback. Enhance your work experience as the Asus Vivobook 11th Gen Core i3 Windows 10 Laptop features the latest advancements delivering efficient performance. Loaded with Windows 10 Home operating system helps you perform user-friendly operations. Witness the super-smooth operation with the Intel Core i3 Processor that takes your performance to a whole new level. Stay in sync with the latest technology by bringing home the Asus Vivobook 11th Gen Core i3 Windows 10 Laptop online. It is equipped with a 39.68cm (15.6'') FHD NanoEdge OLED display that allows you to enjoy watching videos and playing games with full clarity. ", "Buy HP 15s-dr3001TU (34W43PA#ACJ) Core i3 11th Gen Thin and Light Laptop online, which is loaded with various useful specifications. It has a 1TB HDD to make it more efficient and productive which lets you store your important official data and videos, songs, and photos. The Dual speakers help you to play your favourite music and watch movies on this laptop for experiencing a first-class audio and visual experience where the quality of your entertainment is not compromised. The HP 15s-dr3001TU (34W43PA#ACJ) Core i3 11th Gen Thin and Light Laptop 's price is kept fair as compared to its various features. It comes with the Intel Core i3-1115G4 Processor that has set standards in computing. Enjoy watching videos and viewing photos like never before with the 15.6-inch FHD diagonal, anti-glare display which ensures you never miss out on a detail. The resolution is 1920 x 1080 pixels . This laptop is an extremely convenient choice for modern-tech-oriented people. Book the HP 15s-dr3001TU (34W43PA#ACJ) Core i3 11th Gen Thin and Light Laptop online, which ensures your efficiency levels are on point. The Windows 10 Home operating system and powerful Processor help you perform your regular activities along with fun games. The 8GB DDR4 RAM makes sure you can multitask between different tabs providing you with lightning-fast responsiveness. While the Intel UHD Graphics memory gives you a delightful gaming experience. So, go ahead and purchase the HP 15s-dr3001TU (34W43PA#ACJ) Core i3 11th Gen Thin and Light Laptop online, right now!", "Keeping the demanding needs of the technology in mind, the Lenovo Slim 5 (82FG013VIN) Core i5 11th Gen Thin and Light Laptop features a stylish look ensuring efficient performance. The Intel Core i5-1135G7 Processor has set standards in computing. Soar high on productivity when you buy Lenovo Slim 5 (82FG013VIN) Core i5 11th Gen Thin and Light Laptop as it comes loaded with many useful features. The NVIDIA GeForce MX450 , 2GB DDR6 Graphics gives you a delightful gaming experience. The 16GB DDR4 RAM makes sure you can multitask between different tabs providing you with super-fast responsiveness. It has a 512GB SSD to make it more effective and productive which lets you store your important official data and videos. Amplify your computing experience by bringing home the Lenovo Slim 5 (82FG013VIN) Core i5 11th Gen Thin and Light Laptop online. It comes with a 15.6-inch FHD display which ensures perfect clarity. The stunning display coming with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels allows you to enjoy watching videos and playing games with full clarity. Coming with stereo speakers and Dolby Audio sound, witness fabulous audio and visual experience while watching movies and playing games on this laptop where the quality of your entertainment is not compromised.", "Get a truly entertaining viewing experience by bringing home the LG C1 139cm Smart TV online. Now, immerse yourself in the picture with a Self-lighting OLED display . Intense Color and Infinite Contrast provides amazing colour reproduction and accurate colour drive, to make amazing colour reproduction possible. The Dolby Vision IQ promise to provide an experience that best suits the viewing conditions of your specific TV content. Now, enjoy the visuals on this 55 Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart TV that comes with 3840 x 2160 pixels resolution. It provides incredible colour, perfect clarity and outstanding contrast details producing more realistic pictures. Enjoy pictures that feel deep, natural and real. Eye Comfort Display takes care of your eyes while you are watching the TV for long. This TV is also G-Sync compatible which delivers a tear-free gaming experience. The LG C1 139cm Smart TV features a9 Gen 4 AI Processor 4K with AI Picture Pro and AI Sound Pro for the perfect visual and audio experience.End your search for a perfect Smart TV is over when you buy LG C1 139cm Smart TV which comes loaded with many new exciting features. It is designed with a modern look that draws you to the purest picture. The Ultra HD 4K blends effortlessly with your interior for a minimalist look that stands out ever so elegantly. Enjoy your entertainment in a whole new way with sound and picture in perfect harmony. Your TV is now more helpful than ever. Dolby Atmos helps to bring the cinema sound to you. It is equipped with 2.2 Channel speakers for the ultimate sound effect. It offers 40 watts of audio output so the sound that reaches you is immersive and rich. It also has AI ThinQ with built-in Google Assistant and Alexa support. Now, quickly find and play your favourite shows, get answers with ease. The WebOS 6.0 operating system offers smooth performance. It comes with 3GB RAM and also has Wi-Fi support. You can transfer high-quality audio and video content from a host of devices, ranging from set-top boxes to pen drives, with the help of 4 HDMI and 3 USB ports .", "Take your viewing experience to the next level when you buy Sony Bravia A80J Series 139cm Google Smart TV and get to enjoy the various features of this amazing Smart Google TV. The premium look metal bezel is extremely narrow so your eyes naturally focus on the picture, not what's around it. It takes vision and sound to the next level with the ingenious Cognitive Processor XR . Enjoy breathtaking OLED contrast with pictures that feel deep, natural and real. Now, enjoy the visuals on this 55 Inch Ultra HD 4K Smart TV that comes with 3840 x 2160 pixels resolution. Get the Sony Bravia A80J Series 139cm Google Smart TV online, which is powered by the Google TV operating system, that can be the ideal choice for all your entertainment. This TV includes a Light Sensor that optimises picture brightness to room conditions, boosting brightness in light rooms and reducing it to dark ones so you get the perfect view.", "The Sony Bravia A80J Series 139cm Google Smart TV features powerful Acoustic Surface Audio+ having 30 watts audio output so the sound that reaches you is immersive and rich. The Dolby Atmos sound will allow you to get fully immersed in the amazing audio experience. With 3D Surround Upscaling , you can experience the cinematic thrills of the latest audio formats, such as Dolby Atmos , at home, as well as enjoying vertical surround with content not compatible with Dolby Atmos . It is having Wi-Fi connectivity support to connect to a high-speed internet network and also has Bluetooth 4.2 connectivity support. Not just the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, you can even stream and transfer high-quality audio and video content from a host of devices, ranging from set-top-boxes to pen drives, with the help of 4 HDMI and 3 USB ports . Chromecast built-in TV lets you cast your favourite videos, games and apps from your mobile device, in full quality, to your Chromecast built-in TV . So, immerse yourself into your favourite contents of this Google Smart Google TV as it comes with Google Play Store . Connect to a Google Assistant -enabled device for hands-free control of your Sony TV. It also works with Alexa , Apple HomeKit . With Voice Search , there's no more complicated navigation or tiresome typing - you just have to ask. All your connected devices can be controlled with the smart remote . ", "Get ready to make entertainment bigger and better when you buy Xiaomi Mi 189.34cm (75 Inch) Ultra HD 4K QLED Android Smart TV . Enjoy your favourite movies and shows on this 75 Inches as its pictures are deeply enriched, bright, and has perfect contrast. This TV comes with a screen-body ratio of 97% . This TV enhances the look of your room. This TV comes with Dolby Vision , HLG support to give you flawless visuals. It comes with Android TV 10 operating system which makes it user-friendly. It includes features like Universal search , Free Live TV Channels which makes it the ultimate center of your entertainment. Built-in Chromecast lets you mirror your phone to the TV and binge on your favourite shows. It comes with Play Store . Switch to Kids Mode with Parental Lock to watch content for kids. ", "Sharper and brighter than any TV you have ever owned before, get the Xiaomi Mi 189.34cm Android Smart TV online. This Mi TV is having the 64-bit Quad-core A55 Processor which features 2GB DDR RAM works smoothly and plays around with all the preloaded and newly downloaded apps. It features 32GB eMMC storage that gives access to a more convenient experience. Mali G52 MP2 enhances its graphical viewing experience. Enjoy a seamless experience with the 75 inches 4K QLED Smart TV. It comes with a resolution of 3840 x 2160 pixels . Having Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 5.0 support lets you connect to a wide range of devices with your TV. 3 HDMI and 2 USB ports give you access to music, movies, and many more from a USB device on your television. It also comes with hands-free Google Assistant support which makes it a smarter choice. What are you waiting for? Book the Xiaomi Mi 189.34cm Android Smart TV online, right now!", "The Nikon D780 Digital SLR with 24-120 mm VR Lens Kit offers low illumination AF detection . Experience high resolution and great low light shooting capabilities with 24.5 effective megapixels thanks to the backside illumination CMOS sensor and EXPEED 6 image-processing engine. Great for astrophotography, this DSLR delivers extended long exposure through shutter speed extensions of up to 900 s .", "If you don't have a good camera yet, you should buy Fujifilm X-T4 26.1MP Mirrorless Camera without a doubt, for it delivers amazing quality still and videos regardless of the setting. Available with a moderately wide-angle 18-55mm lens , this camera lets you take detailed close-ups and portraits as easily as it clicks rolling landscapes. This 26.1MP camera houses a sophisticated X-Processor 4 and an APS-C X-Trans CMOS 4 that ensure crystal-clear photos and videos. Your camera should let you capture videos that complement the quality of the images. Supporting Full HD as well as 4K recording, this camera lets you freeze real moments forever in the best possible quality. Instead of taking numerous retakes while shooting in low-light environments like a restaurant or under the fading evening sun, just pick a camera with a wider ISO range. This mirrorless camera offers an ISO160 to 12800 range , enabling you to take brighter images with low noise even with poor illumination. When you're recording videos, you will need a camera with a flip display that can be adjusted for different angles and menus at your fingertips for convenient control.", "Get your hands on the Fujifilm X-T4 26.1MP Mirrorless Camera online and creatively shoot pictures and videos with the 3-inch screen . It's disappointing when cherished memories transform into blurred photos, and that's why a camera with an intelligent AF system is a must. Moreover, freezing action-packed moments is next to impossible without a burst mode with a high frames per second rate. Delivering a continuous shooting rate of up to 15 fps with the mechanical shutter , this camera makes sure that every shot is a perfectly timed one. And for all those times that you don't have a tripod with you while shooting in Movie Mode , this camera's got you covered, thanks to the digital image stabilizer and IS ( Image Stabilization ) boost modes. You can connect to and share data with other devices, as this camera supports Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2 along with other interfaces such as a USB Type-C port , an HDMI micro connector, a stereo mini connector , and more. Buy the Fujifilm X-T4 26.1MP Mirrorless Camera online considering its amazing features!", "Use Nikon Z 5 24.3MP Mirrorless Camera which with its high-definition videos, and simultaneous generation of time-lapse movies during interval-timer photography, paves the way for outstanding movie performance. It is equipped with CMOS Image sensor . It comes with 24.3 million effective pixels . File format (image quality) is of NEF . Offers with TTL metering using camera image sensor. Buy the Nikon Z 5 24.3MP Mirrorless Camera which comes with with 24-70 mm Lens kit. It offers with outstanding performance and reliability. For the content creators on the go, convey the emotions of every scene by applying fine-tuned presets with Creative Picture Controls . Tilting TFT Touch-Sensitive LCD with 170 degree viewing angle , approximately 100 percent frame coverage , and color balance and 11-level manual brightness controls. When you get Nikon Z 5 24.3MP Mirrorless Camera online, you get an awesome photography companion. Offers with electronic shutter . It offers with HDR (high dynamic range), photo mode flicker reduction . It has Bluetooth support. Offers with Time-lapse movie recording, electronic vibration reduction , time codes .", "The best just got better. With proven 5th generation technology and form, the Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset enhances the popular folding microphone design with superior audio performance, echo cancellation technology and an approximate 30% reduction in size. Discriminating consumers will welcome the Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset because it eliminates wires while delivering crisp, clear communications. With a 10-meter (30 feet) connectivity range , new levels of comfort and simple one-touch access to your most desired features, wireless has never looked so good. The Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset is the premium choice for those who are serious about wireless connectivity, offering up to six hours of talk time , 130 of standby time and charge time of less than one hour. Designed with your calls in mind, the headset features Bluetooth 1.2 wireless technology for better call quality, faster connections and less interference.", "This watch phone is a quad band GSM (850MHz, 900MHz, 1800MHz, 1900MHz) unlocked phone. Stick in two SIM cards and you gain instant access to an amazing communication device that works like a cell phone on your wrist. This thrifty watch phone also includes a clear and accurate 1.4 inch touch screen LCD display that allows for easy menu navigation and quick dialing without even having to use the included stylus, just use your fingers!", "This Frigidaire 33 Side-by-side refrigerator offers our EvenTemp Cooling System which reacts quickly to temperature fluctuations and constantly circulates cold air throughout the fresh food and freezer compartments, ensuring a consistent cool from top to bottom. Keep your food fresh and reduce freezer burn with our EvenTemp Cooling System that which reacts quickly to temperature fluctuations and constantly circulates cold air throughout the fresh food and freezer compartments. Keep fruits and vegetables fresh in our crispers that offer a seal to block out dry air. Enjoy the capacity to fit all of your family's favorites and keep everything tidy with our flexible organization system that includes adjustable gallon door bins , removable glass shelves and two produce drawers . Find fresh foods quickly with our bright LED lighting . Keep safe, great tasting water flowing. Our filter reduces up to 99% of contaminants, cuts back on plastic and saves the cost of bottled water. NSF & WQA certified .", "Enjoy the convenience of having your favorite chilled food, drinks or snacks whenever you want with the Galanz 4.6 cu ft 2 door mini fridge with stainless-steel look and top freezer. The Galanz 4.6 cu ft 2 door mini fridge will enrich your kitchen, rec room or home office with different styles. The Galanz 4.6 cu ft 2 door mini fridge features an adjustable thermostat , separate freezer compartment , bright interior lighting , removable glass shelves and handy can dispensers . The convenient reversible doors allow you to choose to open from the left or right side making the Galanz 4.6 cu ft 2 door mini fridge suitable for any layout.", "36 Inch Counter Depth French Door Refrigerator with 19.86 Cu. Ft. Capacity , treat yourself to the best in refrigeration with this outstanding selection from Viking. This pro-quality refrigerator keeps food fresh while bringing a touch of modern elegance to the home kitchen. Beautiful theater LED lighting gently illuminates the interior, providing clear visibility for quick access. Four spill-proof glass shelves are adjustable for added flexibility and easy clean-up. With the temperature adjustable ColdZone drawer , you can keep produce fresher for longer at ideal humidity levels. A premium air purification system help to keep clean air circulating to prevent odor transfer. The freezer, behind a self-closing door , offers two-level slide out baskets and a dedicated ice drawer with a scoop for added convenience.", "Keep your food and drinks chilled with the Galanz 1.7 Cu ft One Door Mini Fridge . It stands less than 2 foot tall , giving you access to a compact size cooler that's ideal for use in a dorm room, an office, a game room or any room. This Galanz 1.7 Cu ft One Door Mini Fridge features a half-width freezer compartment that is suitable for storing ice and frozen food. It also has a coated wire shelf that slides out for easy access to items stored in the back. It even features a lower storage area and the interior door has space for condiments and a 2-liter bottle. Additionally, the Galanz 1.7 Cu ft One Door Mini Fridge includes two leveling front legs for improved stability and a reversible door that enables you to hang it opening from either the left or the right side.", "Experts recommend storing wines at higher temperatures than your typical refrigerator provides, especially for long-term storage. The Koolatron Dual Zone 18 bottle unit helps you get the most out of your collection with separately controlled cooling zones for your red, white and sparkling wines. This freestanding wine fridge can keep up to 8 bottles of red wine in the upper zone at 54\u00b0F (12-18\u00b0C) and up to 10 bottles of white or sparkling wine in the lower zone at 46\u00b0F (8\u00b0C) , with removable wire racks that let you customize the interior to accommodate larger or irregularly shaped bottles. The stylish mirrored glass door protects your wine from damage by harmful UV rays while soft interior lighting subtly displays your favorite vintages. Advanced thermoelectric technology cools efficiently with no noise or vibrations , keeping your wine at a consistent, ready-to-serve temperature with the sediment undisturbed. Now you'll have lots of room in your fridge for cheese and canapes!", "InstaView Door-in-Door LG refrigerators have a sleek glass panel that allows you to see inside the easy access door without letting the cold air out. Simply knock twice on the glass to illuminate the contents within. For those fly-by visits to the refrigerator, the Door-In-Door feature allows you to get in and get out providing easy access to beverages and snacks. Only LG Door-In-Door models include bonus door bins for added organization and storage. Use the LG SmartThinQ app to control key features and get important notifications from any-where. It even works with the Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa , so you can operate smart features with your voice. With its counter-depth design , this refrigerator aligns with countertops and cabinetry for a uniform profile, creating a sophisticated built-in look without the high-end price tag.", "Discover the styling and simplicity of Danby's 10.1 cubic feet apartment-sized refrigerator , perfect for small space living in a condo, apartment, or townhouse! The mid-size fridge is smudge-free and modern stainless-steel look , handle-free opening , and reversible door . Cut down on clutter with two and a half adjustable glass shelves , five integrated door shelves , and two crisper drawers , offering maximum storage versatility. The state-of-the-art frost-free operating system is designed for improved food preservation and effortless maintenance, while the bright interior LED light illuminates the interior. This model can serve as your main fridge or as a second option to increase storage capacity.", "Midea's 18.7-Cu. Ft. bottom-mount freezer/refrigerator keeps the food you access most at eye level for easy locating and retrieval. A crisper drawer better preserves perishables while elegant LED lighting makes it easy to find what you're looking for. The reversible door can be adjusted to open from left or right to accommodate any space. Refrigerator 2-level freezer drawer provides easy access to your favorite frozen foods Full-width door shelves can accommodate larger items Humidity-controlled crisper bins are perfect for fruit and vegetable storage. LED lighting brightly illuminates the refrigerator and freezer compartments Frost-free feature keeps your freezer in peak condition.", "This 36 inch French Door Counter-Depth Refrigerator is presented by Bosch. This Counter Depth design offers an integrated look at half the cost, and it's simpler to install. This Freestanding Refrigerator sits flush with the countertop, for a truly built-in look and feel. This unit is suitable for those who want a clean line in their kitchen. The 36 inch French Door Counter-Depth Refrigerator has a Gross Capacity of 15 cu. Ft .; Freezer Gross Capacity of 6 cu. Ft . and 21 cu. Ft. Total Capacity . An Ice Maker to ensure you always have ice on hand. The Dual AirCool system offers distinct and even temperatures in both the refrigerator compartment and the freezer, while minimizing odor and taste transfer. The LED lighting makes all food easy to find with its bright illumination. The innovative VitaFresh crisper cooling technology will keep your fruits and vegetables fresh up to 3 times longer. The MultiAirFlow minimized the fluctuation and cooling times reduced which helps your foods retain their flavor for longer. The smart fridge will always assist you to maintain the refrigerator well stocked with fresh food. Defrost your freezer remotely with Wi-Fi connect , the Home Connect App , or Amazon Alexa . This smart refrigerator is a fine addition for any smart home", "LG's newest InstaView Door-in-Door refrigerators provide the ultimate combination of luxury and convenience. InstaView Door-in-Door refrigerators allows you to see inside the easy-access door; (Door in Door allows you to store drinks and quick-access items) inner contents can be illuminated with two taps on the glass. Dual Ice Makers make cubed, crushed, and Craft Ice for all your entertainment needs. Food Stays Fresher Longer: Linear Cooling maintains consistent temperature and rapid cooling within 1\u00b0F of the setting. Smart Cooling uses digital sensors and vents, combined with the Door Cooling+ technology to deliver cool air that reaches all areas of the refrigerator. SmartThinQ Ready - featuring Wi-Fi connection get alerts when the door is open, remotely activate ice maker, set Vacation Mode , all from the SmartThinQ App or with voice commands from Alexa/Google Assistant!", "Enjoy the convenience of keeping your favorite drinks and food cold with the Galanz 4.3 cu ft Single-Door Refrigerator in stainless steel look . It features two and a half glass shelves so there is plenty of room to store food. The door even holds 2-liter bottles and a 8-can dispenser. It has adjustable leveling feet for stability on uneven floors. The adjustable thermostat allows you to control the temperature the way you like it. There is a full-width freezer compartment for frozen treats and an interior light for greater visibility. It consumes less power and is energy efficient. This UL and eStar certified refrigerator is quality-built and made to last.", "This 3.2 Cu. Ft. White Compact Refrigerator with Internal Freezer is ideal for smaller spaces like a dorm room, teen's bedroom or office. It is sized perfectly to keep drinks and small amounts of food cold and in a convenient location. The unit has a separate internal freezer for storing frozen treats or packages of meat. It makes the most out of the space it has with a full shelf , a small shelf and a crisper for storage. There is also a special can dispenser and door bins to hold drinks on the inside of the door. If you are looking for a fridge to keep your food, drinks, & frozen snacks organized and cold, then this is the fridge for you! Do not hesitate to buy one!", "Celebrate your favorite beverage with iconic Coca-Cola graphics: This unique portable mini fridge features the iconic Coca-Cola contour bottle design . First introduced over 100 years ago, this Coke bottle design has become synonymous with the brand and a favorite amongst collectors. With eye-catching artwork, a vibrant red finish , and a traditional chrome handle , this piece is a must-have for fans and collectors. Efficient, reliable thermoelectric cooling and warming technology makes this 4L mini fridge/warmer the perfect desktop accessory for your home, office, or dorm room. It is AC and DC capable and comes with both cords so you can plug it into any standard household outlet or use it in your car, boat or RV.", "36 Inch Built-in Panel Ready French Door Refrigerator with 16.8 cu. ft. Capacity , complete your kitchen with this panel-ready french door refrigerator by Fisher & Paykel. The ActiveSmart technology works to keep your food fresher for longer by constantly monitoring how you use your fridge and adapting to maintain a controlled environment and optimum temperature. The fast freeze feature quickly and drastically lowers the temperature of the freezer for quicker freezing - ideal for when you've just added new items to the freezer. The removable, cantilevered glass shelves are spill-safe, making cleaning up messes quicker and more efficient.", "Magic Chef's Energy Star 10.1-cu. ft. refrigerator with top-mount freezer is more spacious than a mini-fridge, but more compact than a regular household unit making it perfect for smaller kitchens, break rooms and office kitchens. The small footprint , while designed to save space, includes plenty of internal storage, including spill-proof glass shelves and two vegetable crispers in the refrigerator plus a wire shelf in the freezer. The 10.10 ft\u00b3 capacity means you will always have the food storage that's right for you, bring quality refrigeration to your home with this top-mount refrigerator and have convenient frozen food storage in a separate top freezer compartment. For a greener environment and lower cost, this refrigerator/freezer has 297 kWh annual energy consumption . The interior light helps you quickly find your favorite foods.", "If you want a reliable washing machine, but don't want to spend the big bucks, look no further than the LG WM3400CW . While it comes with a small price tag, it offers a decent capacity of 4.5 cu. ft. as well as eight wash cycles to choose from. At 100 kWh/year , it's one of the cheaper machines to run as well and it's Energy Star Certified . Useful features include the SpeedWash cycle , which takes just 15 minutes to run, and the TubClean cycle , which helps keep it clean and fresh. It also features LG's 6Motion technology this will vary the wash motions depending on the cycle you select, protecting your clothes from damage while giving them the most efficient wash. The only programs you might miss are a steam cycle and smart connectivity.", "For both safe and smart cooking capabilities, take a look at the Bosch 800 Series HII8057U . It has 11 different cooking modes , including convection, pizza, and proof, along with four heating elements for your pots and pans, making it easy to whip up multiple parts of a meal simultaneously. This Bosch induction range also comes with Bosch's SafeStart feature, which only allows the range to heat up when cookware is placed on it properly. According to reviewers, the elements heat up super fast as well. As for the oven, it has a 4.6-cubic-foot capacity , a self-clean feature , and convection that allows for all-around, even cooking. You can watch your food cook through the large door , thanks to the bright oven light , and you can monitor the temperature of meat with Bosch's AutoProbe .", "The Canon EOS R7 is a mirrorless camera tailor-made for photographers who want to capture sports, wildlife, and other subjects that call for fast, accurate autofocus . And the Canon EOS R7 excels at identifying people, pets, wildlife, and race cars. The 32.5MP APS-C format image sensor matches well with telephoto lenses, offers plenty of resolution for crops, and supports 4K60 video for cinema and vlogs. Weather-protected , magnesium construction makes the R7 a camera you can take out into the world.", "The Brother MFC-L3770CDW digital color all-in-one delivers print, copy, scan and fax for home and small offices. Single-pass duplex copying and scanning and 30-sheet capacity multipurpose tray . 250-sheet capacity adjustable paper tray minimizes refills. Connect via built-in wireless , Ethernet or USB interfaces .", "The Apple TV 4K is a small black box that connects to your television to serve two or more of three purposes: to become your new streaming device , make a Smart TV, and be a smart home hub for HomeKit . The new generation of the Apple TV 4K comes. The $149 model supports both Wi-Fi and Gigabit Ethernet , and has power, HDMI , and Ethernet ports , and the 128GB storage capacity . The device is equipped with the A15 bionic chip ,Dolby Vision , and HDR .The setup process for the Apple TV 4K is pretty straightforward if you have an iPhone and an HDMI cable: Simply plug in your new device, place your phone nearby, and follow the prompts to set it up. I found the setup process very user-friendly , especially since you can simply use your iPhone to get through it instead of having to input your password several times over on a streaming device. Your iPhone also doubles as a remote control, so you can use it to easily enter login information.", "The Maytag M1400 impressively heats to its highest temperature in 30 seconds , one of the fastest of any steam iron we tested. It excels at smoothing most of the wrinkles on cotton and linen fabrics.The 7-ounce water tank is on the small side for steam iron and was somewhat hard to fill, as it required angling it precisely under the faucet so it wouldn't overflow. The digital display indicated heat settings through a pictograph system , which we found easy to read.", "Winner of our 2012 Best of Year Award for Best Value, the Haier DWL2825SDSS is both spacious and affordablea combination you don't often come across. For less than $500, the Haier DWL2825SDSS offers a considerable range of wash options and decent efficiency performance.The VarioFlex baskets allows for greater load flexibility on every level.You can also customize your dishwasher using Preferred Program and the EcoSilence Drive is extremely efficient, fast and quiet engine.While we found it to be a bit inconsistent in its performance (and rather ugly, too), the low price seems to make up for it. However, as mentioned with the Bosch Integra, if price isn't a concern for your large family then go with either of the above dishwashers, as they are all-around better machines.", "Combining excellent stain removal ability , a massive drum , and a plethora of features , the MHW8630HC is the best Maytag washer we've tested to date. The Heavy Duty cycle aced our cleaning tests, dealing with everything from red wine to oil. We also appreciated the MHW8630HC s internal water heater . With it, the Sanitize cycle achieved temperatures of around 130\u00b0F, allowing you to easily eliminate the most common illness-causing bacteria. Cleaning alone does not make a great washer. This also makes the chore of doing laundry easier. It has an automatic detergent dispenser that holds soap for up to eight loads so you don't need to keep busting out the bottle. In addition, the MHW8630HC comes with Fresh Hold and Overnight Wash and Dry . Both these features tumble the drum after a wash has finished,which means that for full-sized loads, it keeps a musty odor from developing or can wash and dry a shirt or two.", "If you're in the market for a closet-depth washer, the Whirlpool WFW6620HW is a great choice. Its cleaning performance is on point, especially when you access the Sanitize option and Steam option options. For a washer in its price range, the Whirlpool WFW6620HW is jam-packed with special features. It also has unique cycle selection where you choose what to wash and how to wash it, which might be a more intuitive system for some. Our one caveat: make sure that the machine is perfectly level during installation. Otherwise, the vibrations and noise might sour your experience.", "Based on the trends we've seen, your new fridge's ice maker will likely produce ice of a much higher quality, at a significantly increased quantity, and/or just way more quickly.According to a new survey Bosch commissioned, Americans consume up to 400 pounds of ice per year. That's a lot to keep up with. Fortunately, the Bosch B36CD50SNS refrigerator is ready for this challenge. It's QuickIcePro System provides freshly-filtered ice at a rapid rate: up to 12 pounds per day.On the other side of the spectrum, one of LG's newer fridges makes spherical ice. Not only do these cold globes look like something served at a trendy cocktail bar, they're also just better at being ice than the traditional trapezoidal prism you're used toa sphere of ice has the lowest possible surface area, which means it melts more slowly compared to other shapes, keeping your drink colder for longer.", "The best wireless earbuds we've tested are the Sennheiser MOMENTUM True Wireless 3 . These premium buds represent the cream of the crop for truly wireless headphones , thanks to their robust and versatile performance. They have an adaptive active noise cancelling system that outperforms rivals like the Apple AirPods Pro Truly Wireless. They easily block out the low rumble of bus and plane engines and reduce the typical sounds of a busy office, like ambient chit-chat and the hum of computer fans. They also have eight hours charge , and their carrying case supplies an additional three charges if you need it. Out of the box, they have a bassy sound profile that delivers extra thump and boom to mixes. Their companion app offers a graphic EQ and presets to help you customize their sound. They're a bit bulky in design, and depending on your ear shape, you may find their stability fins uncomfortable.", "Lenovo - Yoga 7i 14 was an amazing purchase. Had done a lot of research on Windows laptops before buying this. This laptop has premium build quality , high resolution and i7/16GB should provide plenty in terms of performance. Feels like a perfect personal laptop.", "Yamaha's YAS-209 is one of our favorite soundbar s in this price range for three basic reasons: it sounds great for the money, it's easy to set up and use, and it's absolutely loaded with features.While the Yamaha's YAS-209 doesn't offer Dolby Atmos, it offers everything most folks need at a great price, including a spare HDMI input for your favorite gaming console or streaming box, virtual surround sound , Wi-FI streaming , Amazon Alexa voice assistant , and more. Don't love Alexa? It's easy to mute the microphones atop the bar and use the Yamaha's YAS-209 as a traditional soundbar .", "Apple's AirPods Pro have been a top-selling gift for a couple of years nowand we can see why as they're our favorite true wireless headphones to date. They have excellent noise cancellations capabilities, fantastic sound quality and a long battery life. Whether you're shopping for a music lover or someone that talks on the phone a lot, anyone would be pleased to receive these as a gift.", "The Electrolux ELFW7637AT checks all the right boxes. First and foremost, it's a great washing machine. During testing, we found that it can deal with various stains, from protein to oil. The internal water heater also adds a lot of versatility, allowing you to sanitize clothing of common diseases, like E. coli, get rid of allergens, and help keep your whites as bright as can be.Secondly, the Electrolux ELFW7637AT comes equipped with plenty of features that just make life better. For example, instead of tossing Tide pods in the drum where soap won't get evenly distributed, this washer has a special spot for them in the detergent drawer . There are also options like Extended Refresh that will tumble laundry after a cycle is finished to keep it from getting musty.Finally, this Electrolux just has a great fit and finish. You can tell that the manufacturing is well done by the clean text on the control panel and the satisfying click on the dial.After all our testing, we also think the Electrolux ELFW7637AT is perfect for most families. It has the drum capacity, cleaning performance, and features to cover all the major laundry bases. That's why it takes the top spot in our washing machine rankings.", "If you want a washer that is both beautiful and functional, then you'll appreciate the Samsung WA50R5400AV top-load washer. This washer has some really nice features that belie its affordable price tag; who wouldn't want a built-in faucet for pretreating stains, a soft-close top , or a fingerprint-resistant black stainless steel finish ?During our testing, the Heavy Duty cycle had the strongest stain removal performance, but the Normal cycle comes in a close second. Depending on your expectations, you may find that a 55-minute-long Normal cycle is too long or just right. Fortunately, if you need an even shorter cycle time, this washer has a Super Speed option that can shorten your Normal cycle time to as little as 36 minutes. If you want a washer with a luxury feel and a non-luxury price, check out the Samsung WA50R5400AV washer.", "Despite the availability of the bigger and better M2 MacBook Air, the M1 MacBook Air (one of the first to switch from Intel to Apple silicon) is sticking around and that's a good thing. Apple's entry-level laptop is still our go-to recommendation for a MacOS laptop for basic everyday use. It has great performance and long battery life ( up to 18 hours ) and is a solid choice for school and entertainment anywhere. Like the previous Mac laptop models, the M1 MacBook Air has Apple's Magic Keyboard , Touch ID , a Force Touch trackpad and a 13.3-inch Retina display . If you're a college student, it's hard to go wrong with the new M1 MacBook Air .", "Samsung may not have brought many upgrades to the latest version of its popular Galaxy Watch, but that doesn't mean the Samsung Watch 5 still isn't the best smartwatch for Android users. Improvements like a more durable screen and refined curvature don't sound exciting, but they make the Samsung Watch 5 more resilient and reliable. Plus, the Galaxy Watch 5 offers the most comprehensive health and fitness tracking on Wear OS 3.5 , and the company added a sleep coaching feature this year that is meant to help guide you towards better rest. The watch is also water-resistant so it can track swims or survive a sudden storm, and last more than a day (without the Always On Display enabled). It also runs Wear OS 3.5 , which is so similar to Samsung's previous Tizen OS that longtime wearers won't need to worry about adjusting to a new system. Ultimately, the Galaxy Watch 5 is a capable, well-rounded set of smartwatches that will serve most Android users well.", "VTech Kidizoom Smartwatch DX2 is one of the highest-rated kids' smartwatches on Amazon and for good reason. It's packed with multiple activities, games, and intuitive challenges that'll keep your little one busy all day long. Your child can play with its built-in voice changer and snap hundreds of photos and videos using its camera . Once they take those pics, they can add fun filters and you can download it directly to a device without having to move it to the cloud first. Other features include an alarm, a timer, a stopwatch, a calendar, a calculator, and a pedometer . It's durable, easy to use, and loads of fun. It also comes in blue and purple and offers several different watch faces to pick from. The watch is splashproof and very scratch-resistant , making this an all-around good pick.", "If your child (5 to 13) wants tons of features, but you still want control of what they do, and with whom they connect, TickTalk 4 is your best option for that. It's also extremely durable thanks to the shock-absorbing exterior that is reminiscent of an Otter Box . It's an LTE kids watch that comes with a free sim card . It has two-way HD video and voice calling , two 5MP cameras , free music streaming through iHeart family, GPS location tracking , activity trackers and step counter , end-to-end encrypted messaging , tons of parental controls , and an SOS function . The SOS function allows your child to immediately call their emergency contact by simply holding down a button. It's one of those necessary features that make your chest hurt and your eyes sting to consider, but it will give you some peace of mind knowing they have it. If you're worried about the watch being a distraction in class, It has a do-not-disturb mode (controlled by you) that silences everything but the SOS feature . It also has 50+ pre-programmed reminders to help guide your kids' day. With this smartwatch for kids, you get to choose who they call and can block numbers and access to certain features during specified times of the day. You can see their calls and texts, where they are, and how they've been using the watch. It's not waterproof, but it's fairly water-resistant , shockproof , and sturdy. Plus, it has a 62-hour battery life .", "GoPro HERO9 Black is the best action camera worth your attention today. It has a sleek yet rugged design , an intuitive touchscreen interface, a convenient front-facing full-color display , and most importantly, it delivers fantastic video and photo quality. It comes with the best selection of mounts and accessories in the industry and is waterproof up to 33 feet . The device features has an improved 23.6MP sensor (its predecessor had a 12MP one) which lets it record 5.3K video ( 5,120 x 2,880 pixels ) at 30 fps , when the majority of other action cams record with a 4K resolution of 3,840 x 2,160 pixels. This higher resolution makes for more detailed and vibrant shots and will give you extra wiggle room for cropping and better framing your footage during the editing process. It also makes it a lot easier to grab still images from video. The camera has industry-leading, gimbal-like digital image stabilization tech on board. It enables the GoPro HERO9 Black to capture incredible content that's in a league of its own in terms of smoothness. The still photography capabilities of the device include the ability to capture bursts of 30 shots, as well as a dedicated wide dynamic range mode . Advanced photographers will appreciate the option to save images in RAW format for in-depth desktop editing . Other highlights of the camera include the ability to control it with voice commands, built-in GPS , and a user- replaceable battery . Due to the large battery, the GoPro HERO9 Black is a tad heavier than other action camera , which is about the only fault the camera has.", "The Insta360 ONE R is one of the most versatile action camera money can buy. What sets it apart from the GoPro is its modular design, which allows users to swap out various lenses and sensors for different features and shooting options. With the Insta360 ONE R 's interchangeable lenses , it's truly like two cameras in one, since you can also use it as a standard action camera or a 360-degree camera , depending on which bundle you opt for. Our recommended bundle includes the 4K wide-angle mod, which is the standard 4K camera lens . It also comes with the dual-lens 360 camera which uses two fisheye lenses for capturing 360-degree video . The camera is water-resistant to 16 feet . The more expensive Expert Edition bundle comes with the dual-lens 360 camera and a wide-angle lens with a 1-inch sensor . The improved sensor allows users to shoot 5.3K video at 30 fps , 4K video at 60 fps , and 1080p video at 120 fps . The 5.3K Wide Angle Lens Mod arguably captures the best footage possible on an action camera , especially in low-light conditions. Unfortunately, it doesn't run cheap. Overall, the Insta360 ONE R is an impressive futureproof camera with unique modular parts that gives you the best of both worlds for recording in ultra high resolution and a 360-degree format.", "The Olympus Tough TG-6 is geared more toward taking photos rather than recording videos, but it excels at doing both with excellent quality. The camera has a rich set of features designed for making the most of your adventures, and also has an ultra tough build . The Olympus Tough TG-6 can capture detailed 12MP stills in up to a whopping 20 fps , as well as ultra 4K video through its 4-times magnification optical zoom lens with f/2.0 aperture . Microscope mode for ultra-close-up shooting is also among the camera's features, as is the ability to capture panoramas and time-lapses. Advanced photographers have the option to save their images in RAW file format for more extensive edits. Of course, there's also the option to take underwater photos via four dedicated modes. The camera is waterproof up to 50 feet , so you can even take it snorkeling with you. The rest of the camera's highlights include Wi-Fi for smartphone connectivity, GPS , a built-in eCompass , and a temperature sensor . And the 3-inch LCD display makes navigating through all the camera's features easy, although we do wish it was a touchscreen .", "Chances are if you're in the market for a robot vacuum, you want to invest in one that's going to make your life easier and that's exactly what the Roborock Q5 robot vacuum will do. The Roborock Q5 robot vacuum is easy to use, easy to maintain, accurately maps floorplans, and does a great job of sucking up dust and debris. Given that it has about 10% higher suction power than the S7, unsurprisingly, it picked up debris of all shapes and sizes, from coffee grounds on hardwoods in the kitchen to popcorn kernels on the rug. Another major advantage is its large battery. The vacuum has a 180-minute run time . This one uses LIDAR (laser-based navigation) to intelligently move throughout your home. This technology allows the vacuum to create a map of your floor plan and will systematically clean room by room in straight lines. The Roborock app lets you set cleaning schedules that allow the vacuum to increase suction for specific rooms and avoid certain areas of your home, giving you the freedom to create keep-out zones. Really, the only issue I have with the Roborock Q5 robot vacuum is that its rubber brush rollers are more susceptible to hair tangles for pet and human hair. Fortunately, Roborock sells a newer rubber brush rollers that resists tangles better than the included bristled brush.", "I can't recommend the iRobot Roomba i3 EVO enough for pet owners who desperately want to keep pet hair on their floors down to a minimum. It's equipped with dual rubber brush rollers . Another perk for pet owners is that it features a high-efficiency filter that captures 99% of allergens, dust mites, mold, and pollen. As for cleaning performance, the vacuum effortlessly picked up dust, pet food, and debris of all shapes and sizes during my tests.", "The Roborock S7 is the first robot vacuum that vacuums and mops at the same time. Conveniently enough, it can even detect carpet and will automatically lift its microfiber mop pad out of the way when approaching carpet or rugs. You can expect around 180 minutes of runtime . It uses LIDAR technology (the same sensor as self-driving cars) to map your home, clean in straight lines, and avoid obstacles throughout it. With the Roborock app , you're able to set regular cleaning schedules , designate times you don't want the vacuum to run, remotely instruct the vacuum to clean specific rooms or areas of your home, and adjust suction speed. There's also an incredibly useful No-Go Zones setting you can enable so the vacuum will avoid certain spots of your home. The Roborock S7 doesn't run cheap, but it's a luxurious robot vacuum unlike any other, and it delivers some of the best cleaning performance I've seen among robot vacuums. If you have the budget for it, also consider the Roborock S7 , which includes a useful Auto Empty Dock that sucks the debris out of the robot's dustbin. The base uses 3-liter vacuum bags , which hold 8 weeks' worth of dust and debris.", "iRobot recently launched the Roomba j7+ vacuum , which is equipped with a retractable mop that can lift itself up and under the vacuum to mop hard floors and stow itself on top of the robot when it's vacuuming carpet. The robot vacuum is nearly identical with the exception of its slightly smaller dust bin so it can accommodate its water tank and it features a larger battery. We will test it for a future iteration of this guide. What sets it apart from the majority of other robot vacuums is its excellent navigation performance . It navigates in straight lines and uses an onboard camera to avoid obstacles like socks and cords, which would likely get tangled up with other vacuums and halt cleaning completely. The Roomba j7+ vacuum includes iRobot's convenient Clean Base , so when the vacuum's bin is full, it'll automatically return to its base, emptying itself into an enclosed bag.", "The HP Pavilion 14 Plus is the one I'd recommend to most upgraders looking for a PC laptop. The Windows 11 notebook is the most exciting HP Pavilion 14 Plus I have experienced, thanks to a sleek design , a decidedly premium all-metal build , top-tier hardware specs , and stellar performance. Better yet, the product has a very agreeable price tag. Every HP Pavilion 14 Plus packs a capable 12th-generation Intel processor that will deliver years' worth of dependable performance. The notebook also packs a high-quality webcam , surprisingly powerful speakers tuned by Bang & Olufsen, and an excellent set of wired and wireless connectivity features . HP also offers a HP Pavilion 14 Plus iteration with an OLED panel that's sharper, smoother, and more vibrant than the screen of the starter model listed here. The notebook also packs a beefier Intel Core i7 chip and more memory, yet it still costs below $1,000.", "The 15-inch Envy x360 is HP's best touchscreen laptop for most consumers and is deservedly one of the product category's finest offerings. The big-screen notebook has a beautiful and versatile design, a premium build that utilizes recycled metal and plastic, and futureproof hardware specs for years' worth of top-notch performance. Thanks to a 360-degree touchscreen , the 15-inch Envy x360 can quickly transform from a traditional laptop to a tablet or a video viewing platform. The device's Bang & Olufsen speakers are excellent, too. At a glance, the sub- 10-hour maximum battery life of the 15-inch Envy x360 leaves a bit to be desired but HP's fast charging tech will get the notebook's battery from 0 to 50% in about half an hour, so you won't have to worry about being stuck next to a power outlet.", "The ASUS VivoBook is an affordable mini laptop that's great for young students, thanks to its affordable price and portable size. It's equipped with dual USB Type-A ports , a USB-C port , a microSD card slot , and an HDMI out port . Its 11.6-inch display is bright with a 1080p resolution . Since the screen is on a 180-degree hinge , you can lay it flat on a table to share content with friends, classmates, or colleagues. With up to 8GB of RAM , an Intel Celeron N4020 processor , and 64GB of storage , this computer might not be the most powerful on the block, but it weighs only 2 pounds and is more than capable of handling most tasks from editing photos to watching HD videos. Plus, it has an all-day battery that should last 10 hours on a single charge plenty of time to finish that book report or science project!", "The Surface Go 3 is an ultra-compact, 10.5-inch tablet that's a capable Windows 11 PC. A budget of just $400 will get you the entry-level Surface Go 3 with 64GB of storage and 4GB of RAM , but you'll have to pick up the trackpad and keyboard separately. During my tests with the Surface Go 3 , I found that it was powerful enough to handle a steady stream of apps without slowing down much. But I recommend it more so for casual use or light productivity work, not for editing large image and video files. The Surface Go 3 is also a wonderful video chat companion with twin microphones that help increase clarity and reduce background noise. Overall, Surface Go 3 is a compact and versatile PC that's perfect for work or play. If you're looking for a practical, affordable, and stylish mini laptop, you won't be disappointed.", "The Frigidaire FFCD2418US 24 in. built-in dishwasher features a large capacity tall tub design with 14 place settings that allow you to wash more at once. An attractive slim console with Ready-Select controls lets you select options with the touch of a button. 5 versatile wash cycle options can handle all your loads, from small plates to large pots and pans. The sanitize cycle helps remove 99.9% of household bacteria, ensuring your dishes are as good as new. Ultraquiet III sound package (55 dBA) keeps the noise from your dishwasher to a minimum. Tall-Tub design with a large capacity fits up to 14 place settings so you can wash more at once. Additional options include NSF certified sanitize , high-temperature wash , and high heat/no heat dry to ensure your dishes are thoroughly cleaned at the end of your wash. ENERGY STAR certified cycle to maximize your savings and keep your energy bill low Detergent and rinse aid dispensers are located in an easy-to-access compartment in the door Low rinse aid indicator light alerts you when it's time to refill the dispenser. Multi-compartment Silverware Basket has a place for all of your silverware and is easily removable for loading and unloading Delay Start options allow you to set your dishwasher to run 2, 4, or 6 hours in advance Dual spray arm system gives you a thorough clean every time.", "Bosch SPX68U55UC Dishwasher . With great performance and efficiency, this 18 wide dishwasher is perfect for all sorts of kitchens. The 259 kWh annual energy consumption makes this dishwasher extraordinarily energy-efficient , helping you save money on your energy bills. Not only this built-in dishwasher washes the dishes sparkling clean, but also gives your kitchen a seamless look", "Mainstays Black 1500w 2-Setting 3D Electric Stove Heater with Life-like Flame is a portable and durable electric fireplace heater that warms any room and offer the ambiance of a real fire . The heater is easy to assemble with no tools required. With a functional screen door , it is constructed of durable metal and has a vintage design that is perfect for any room in your home. The life-like flame can be adjusted to offer different levels of brightness . A glowing log set adds extra charm to the heater. The unit can be operated with or without heat, providing the ambiance of a gentle rolling fire all year long. The heater has 2 heat settings and an adjustable thermostat , allowing you to find the perfect temperature for your space. The compact nature of this stylish heater makes it easy to transport to any room indoors. For safety, the heater is equipped with a tip-over switch off function and an automatic shut off in the event the unit were to overheat, providing added safety and reliability.", "The Pleasant Hearth 17-in infrared electric stove brings old-world style and ambiance to your home with its wood stove case styling and 1400 watt heater. Provides supplemental heat recommended for areas up to 1,000-sq ft. Its compact size is perfect for smaller spaces, and you can adjust the temperature and flames to your liking with the hidden control panel . Just assemble the legs and plug it in to begin enjoying the warmth and charm of this electric stove. Add a traditional touch to your living space with this Pleasant Hearth 17-in infrared electric stove .", "Blast away tough wrinkles! This compact steam iron features SmartSteam Technology , which takes the guesswork out of ironing by automatically regulating steam levels based on the fabric setting you select. The best part is you can control temperature and steam using one easy dial. Plus, the TrueGlide nonstick soleplate glides easily over any type of fabric, and the compact size is perfect for apartments, dorm rooms, and travel. Black Decker Easy Steam Compact Iron", "Excellent steam and quality that's built to last, the Rowenta Performance Steam Iron was designed to make garment care easier. The stainless-steel soleplate comes equipped with Micro-steam technology , providing even steam coverage with over 300 active steam holes , to save time and provide an easy glide. Stainless steel and steam power ensure performance and power. Vertical steaming is easy, for a wide range of garments including suits, delicates, and even curtains. This iron comes in an elegant blue color, is easy to refill, has a precision tip for hard-to-reach areas, and more. The Rowenta Performance Steam Iron is dependable and long-lasting.", "This stainless steel, built-in dishwasher holds up to 8 place settings and one silverware basket . It has 6 wash cycles to choose from: heavy, normal, eco, glass, rapid and rinse; 4 hot water temperature options plus sanitize mode (up to 69C/156F). Equipped with a stainless steel tub, this dishwasher can withstand years of washes. And at only 52 dB , less than the volume of a normal conversation, this dishwasher runs quietly in the background. The delay start feature allows you to pre-select the desired start time so your dishes get washed on your schedule. And with a smart wash, dirty dishes are automatically detected and a wash cycle similar to a short wash is performed. Take the pain out of washing dishes with the Danby 18 built-in low-water consumption dishwasher .", "Comfee 6-Place Setting EnergyStar Compact Countertop Dishwasher with 8 Cleaning Settings, CDC22P1ABB, Black can meet your daily cleaning needs, with a capacity of 6 place setting . It has 8 functions, including Heavy, Normal, Baby-Care, ECO, Glass, Speed, Rinse and Mini-Party , helped with extra-drying function . Our dishwasher can be installed easily with accessories and simple plumbed connection steps like other full-size dishwashers. Also, it can be connected to the faucet directly (Suitable adaptor needed). Depending on your needs, it can be flexibly placed on the table or fitted in the cupboard.", "Get Rid of Space Constraints. Whether you're putting together a meal in a tiny apartment, an RV, or an older home without a built-in dishwasher, portable dishwashers can help clean up your messes so you barely have to lift a finger. This appliance is a total time-saver, keeps the eczema on your hands at bay, and allows you to kick up your feet after cooking a pasta dinner. Lucky for you, AIRMSEN AE-TDQR03 Countertop Dishwasher is just over 18 inches tall , and come with a variety of features including an dry mode and tabletop design . This machine comes with hoses to connect it to the kitchen faucet but what sets it apart is its built-in five-liter water tank , so it can be operated without tying up your faucet. After installing one in your space, you'll be treated to sparkly pots and grime-free spoons regularly. AIRMSEN AE-TDQR03 Countertop Dishwasher with upper and lower rotating spray arms provide corner to corner coverage, washing temperature range: 122\u00b0F - 167\u00b0F , thoroughly dissolve grease stains, transforming crusty, greasy, or messy dishes into clean, ready-to-use place settings. In addition, compared with manual dishwashing, this dishwasher uses only 1.3 gal of water , which reduces water consumption by 80%. It also only consumes 0.135-0.439 kWh of electricity per cycle and saves floor space.", "Look your personal best every time you step out the door using this Hamilton Beach Retractable Cord Iron . It provides you with exceptional steam performance to eliminate wrinkles fast. This purple Hamilton Beach Retractable Cord Iron has a nonstick, Duration soleplate and delivers 1700W of power for fast heat up. It glides across even your most delicate fabrics. The electronic push button and digital controls make choosing the right setting for any garment easy. You can simply move the dial to the type of fabric you and let the steam do the rest. This Hamilton Beach Retractable Cord Iron also includes a host of other desirable features, such as a three-way automatic shut-off for added safety and Anti-Drip technology to prevent stains while working out wrinkles. When not in use you can push a button to retract the cord for easy, convenient storage.", "The White Steamfast SF-727 Home and Away Mini Steam Iron is lightweight and compact. This item is the perfect travel companion. The iron is environmentally safe and works on nearly all fabrics. With only a quick 15-second heat-up steam time , you can have your ironing needs completed in just a few short minutes. The Home and Away Steam Iron sets crisp creases and removes wrinkles. With its compact non-stick soleplate , the SF-727 will get into places bigger irons can't reach. It's easy to use and great for quick touch-ups whether before a business meeting or a quick run to the store.", "The Maytag Smartfill Digital Iron with Removable Water Tank combines the latest technology with convenient, thoughtful features that allow you to tackle any ironing project. The iron heats to full temperature in just 55 seconds , and the unique Removable Water Tank allows you to save time by adding water while the iron is heating. Use the digital interface to choose between four different heat settings , for garments ranging from heavy cotton to delicate silk. Steam using an adjustable continuous stream, or use the Steam Burst, Vertical Steam, or Water Spray settings for smoothing heavier fabrics. 3-way auto-shutoff adds safety, and the ceramic soleplate glides smoothly, leaving clothes wrinkle-free.", "NookNova's electric fireplace stove with the retro design and realistic flame effect,smouldering fuel bed and soothing heat output create a warm and comfortable atmosphere.With adjustable thermostat control is easy to create supplemental warmth that will keep you toasty warm in rooms up to 400 Sq. The remote control can be used to make adjustments from the comfort of your couch. With visible LED panel , you can remote control the heater, and do not need to open the door.It can be operated with or without the heating element, perfect to use in your home in any season. Its lightweight construction makes it easy to move from room to room The compact size allows for this heater to be moved easily and is perfect for supplemental heating in an office, den, tiny house, or motor home.", "A revolution in high cell capacity portable charging. It fits easily into any pocket or bag, making it the perfect charger for on the couch, on a plane, or anywhere else your phone needs a boost. Dual charging ports with Anker's PowerIQ high-speed charging technology lets you charge two devices at the same time. Anker PowerCore Select 10000 Portable Charger - Black , One of The Smallest and Lightest 10000mAh Power Banks, Ultra-Compact .", "Stay charged and prepared for any situation with the Swiss Tech Antreiben Power Bank . Built with adventure in mind, this rugged, portable power bank is perfect for camping, hiking, hunting, and more. It provides pocket-sized power to any device, with 10000 mAh and featuring 2 USB-A , 1 USB-C , and 1 micro USB input/output ports. Can be used to charge devices such as your flashlights, headlamps, and lanterns while out in nature. It's durable construction is weatherproof and impact-resistant, while ensuring you have a good grip in all conditions with a rubberized and textured casing.", "Make laundry simple with the Insignia NS-TWM35W1 3.7 Cu. Ft. high efficiency 12-Cycle Top-Loading Washer . With 12 wash cycles and four temperature levels , you have the power to fully customize your washing experience. Let the automatic water level control select the correct amount of water, or manually select it to customize each load. Separate dispensers for detergent, fabric softener and bleach ensure that you have the right tools to keep your clothes clean and fresh. Plus, the 3.7 cu. ft. capacity gives you plenty of space to wash clothes for the whole family. Have a lot of laundry but limited time? Status lights show the stage your current load is in so you can prepare for the next one. An available matching dryer model makes this the perfect set for any home. Keep your laundry frustrations low and options high by fulfilling every washing need.", "If you're in the market for a closet-depth washer, the Whirlpool WFW6620HW is a great choice. Its cleaning performance is on point, especially when you access the Sanitize and Steam options. For a washer in its price range, the Whirlpool WFW6620HW is jam-packed with special features. It also has unique cycle selection where you choose 'what to wash' and 'how to wash it,' which might be a more intuitive system for some. Our one caveat: make sure that the machine is perfectly level during installation. Otherwise, the vibrations and noise might sour your experience.", "Younger, tech-savvy families will definitely appreciate the Whirlpool WFW9620HC washer. With its automatic detergent dispenser , touchscreen control panel , and large 5.0-cu.-ft. capacity , you'll be able to get a lot of laundry done in very little time. Additionally, for those who want to be able to monitor your laundry without checking on it manually, you can easily start, stop, and track the cycles for this smart washer in the Whirlpool app . For the most bang for your buck, use the Normal cycle , which did a good job of cleaning our test load, and only took about 40 minutes to finish. While the Quick cycle didn't do as well cleaning-wise, it clocked in at a shockingly short 13 minutes; if you only need to wash a couple of lightly-soiled outfits, this model will get you out the door in record time. While it still left the clothes a bit damper than we were expecting at the end of the cycle, well, that's what a dryer is for. If you want a washer that does its best to solve common laundry pain points, the Whirlpool WFW9620HC may be the right washer for you.", "The Whirlpool WTW8127LC features an industry first innovation: a removable agitator pole . This lets consumers wash their clothes the old-fashioned, rough and tumble way, or the more modern, gentle approach. In our testing, we found wash cycles that used the agitator tended to be a bit rougher but did erase more stains compared to the impeller-based wash. The Whirlpool WTW8127LC is one of the best pole-agitator washers that we have ever tested, and it's our highest-scoring pole agitator to date. As with other Whirlpool washers, the Whirlpool WTW8127LC features the What to Wash / How to Wash \u009d system , which helps take the guesswork out of what a wash cycle does. We also liked its pre-treat features , and found the included detergent brush to be effective at scrubbing out stains.", "If you want a workhouse washer that can deal with lots of laundry and lots of different laundry situations, you'll want to take a look at the LG WT7900HBA top-loading washer. This washer has a lot of appealing features, including a 5.5 cu. ft capacity , an Allergiene cycle (which claims to remove pet dander and dust mites), and seven steam cycles (including Normal, Allergiene cycle , and Sanitary ) .Additionally, the cycle times are nice and short. The Normal and Speed Wash cycles both clock in at 30 minutes long. If you really have some serious stains to remove, though, we recommend the Heavy Duty cycle , which performed the best in our stain removal tests, and takes less than two hours to run. While this washer isn't as efficient as some LG front-load washers we've tested, if you like top-load washers and want a larger tub capacity and fast cycle times, the LG WT7900HBA might be a good fit for you.", "Distinguished by its updated sensor design , the Sony Alpha a7 III Mirrorless Digital Camera is a well-rounded camera suitable for both photo and video applications in a variety of working situations. Refined for improved speed and low-light performance, the full-frame 24.2MP Exmor R BSI CMOS sensor and BIONZ X image processor pair to realize an impressive 10 fps continuous shooting rate and improved autofocus performance for faster, more reliable subject tracking along with wide frame coverage. This updated Fast Hybrid AF System employs a combination of 693 phase-detection points and 425 contrast-detection areas for quicker acquirement of focus in a variety of lighting conditions, and also maintains focus on subjects more effectively. In addition to speed and AF, the processing improvements also help to realize greater image clarity and reduced noise throughout the sensitivity range from ISO 100-51200 , which can further be expanded to ISO 50-204800 . Video recording capabilities have also been extended for enhanced quality when recording UHD 4K video with the full width of the full-frame sensor to minimize moire and aliasing. Additionally, benefitting both stills and video operation, itI utilizes a 5-axis SteadyShot INSIDE sensor-shift image stabilization , which is now effective to minimize the appearance of camera shake by up to 5 stops. Beyond just updates to the imaging system, the body design has also been revised to include a rear 3.0' 922k-dot touchscreen LCD , which has a tilting design to better support working from high and low angles. A 2.36m-dot Tru-Finder OLED EVF is also featured for bright and clear eye-level monitoring. For greater shooting flexibility, dual SD memory card slots are now featured, and a larger NP-FZ100 battery is also employed to achieve up to approximately 710 shots per charge . Suiting the camera's use in trying conditions, the magnesium-alloy chassis and weather-sealing also render the camera dust- and moisture-resistant .", "Combining high-resolution imaging with a versatile feature-set , the silver PowerShot ELPH 360 HS Digital Camera from Canon is a sleek point-and-shoot featuring a 20.2MP 1/2.3' CMOS sensor and DIGIC 4+ image processor . The sensor and processor combination avails sensitivity to ISO 3200 and notable image quality, as well as 7.2 fps continuous shooting , to suit working in a variety of conditions, and, in addition to stills, also enables full HD 1080p video recording at 30 fps . A 12x optical zoom lens provides a 25-300mm equivalent focal length range and an Intelligent IS image stabilization system helps to minimize the appearance of camera shake for sharper handheld imagery. For composing imagery and reviewing your photos and movies, a large 3.0' 461k-dot LCD is featured on the back of the camera and built-in Wi-Fi with NFC allows you to wirelessly share images to a linked smartphone or tablet.", "The new FUJIFILM X-A3 has been designed with the younger generation in mind and is perfectly suited to taking self-portraits. It joins the Fujifilm X Series of mirrorless cameras that offer outstanding image quality with Fujifilm's proprietary color reproduction technology . To enable easy self-portraits, it features an LCD screen that is not blocked by the camera when tilted by 180 degrees, helping to maintain 100% visibility. Other features such as Eye Detection AF are designed to improve self-portrait shooting even further, and the new Portrait Enhancer mode includes the option to brighten the skin-tone. The camera can shoot approximately 410 frames per charge , and, when fitted with the supplied XC16-50mmF3.5-5.6 OIS II Lens , it can focus on a subject at a focus distance of 7cm from the front edge of the lens for class leading macro capability.", "The Powerstation XXL has a 20,000mAh battery for a total of 74Wh of power . There are three ports: two USB-A , and a lone USB-C port . four Indicator lights , and a power button . The fabric material covering the top and bottom of the pack are a nice break from the usual plastic housing, although the edges of the pack are black plastic. The pack itself is roughly the same width and height as Samsung's Galaxy S10 Plus: you'd need to stack three of those phones to approximate the pack's thickness. The pack's ports live on the front of the pack with the lone USB-C port between the two standard USB ports . The lone USB-C port is used to charge devices or charge the pack itself. It can put out 5V/3A (15W) of power, while the standard USB ports are limited to 5V/2.4A and 5V/1A , respectively. The Powerstation XXL can charge at a maximum of 5V/3.4A , or roughly 17W . It was able to charge the pack from empty to full in 5 hours and 6 minutes . As for efficiency, the Powerstation XXL is the third-most efficient pack I've tested overall at 92.51 percent. Included in the box with the Powerstation XXL is a USB-A to USB-C cord that's far too short, but appreciated nonetheless. On the left side of the pack is where you'll find the power button and four indicator lights . The lights are hard to see if you aren't looking at them straight on, and they don't stay on while the pack is charging to easily see its current status. I'd like to see improved visibility from multiple viewing angles and for the lights to remain on while charging. Overall, the Powerstation XXL does it all: save for wireless charging and is affordably priced. Even though it doesn't have charging cables built into it, its efficiency, speed at which it charges back up, and price point make it too good to pass up.", "For the last few weeks, I've been testing the $69.99 Einvova 63W Ultra-Fast Power Bank and, well, I'm very happy with it. Compared to the majority of power banks, which typically consist of black plastic housing with a power button and a few LED lights and some ports on one end, Einova's design stands out. The Einvova 63W Ultra-Fast Power Bank has a fabric covering on top and bottom, a small display on the top that shows the exact battery percentage, and three ports: two USB-A and one USB-C . The USB-C port pulls double duty . You use it to charge the pack, and you can, of course, use it to charge your phone, laptop, or even a Nintendo Switch. The USB-C port supports charging at up to 20V/2.25A (45W) of output , and up to 20V/1.5A (30W) of input . The middle USB port supports up to 12V/1.5A (18W) of output , with the standard USB port offering the base charging speed of 5V/2.4A (12W) of output . The middle USB port triggered the same charging standards and capped out at its listed maximum output of 18W . Finally, the last USB port triggered Apple 2.4A , DCP 1.5A , and Samsung 5V . Charging the pack was speedy, going from empty to 100 percent in 2 hours and 40 minutes when charging at its full 30W max speed . You can use all three ports on the Einvova 63W Ultra-Fast Power Bank to charge various devices at the same time, with a maximum output between the three of 63W . There isn't a power button on the pack. You plug in a device, it detects something is there, and starts charging. And, finally, the pack does support passthrough charging so you can charge the pack via the USB-C port while simultaneously charging another device via either standard USB port . The Einvova 63W Ultra-Fast Power Bank is well designed, has plenty of power, and has above-average efficiency.", "Belkin BoostUp Charge Plus 10K , a 10,000mAh (37Wh) battery pack that has two built-in cables: one USB-C , one Apple Lightning connector . The housing comes in the standard battery-pack color of black, or you can pick the blue color option that, to my eyes, looks almost purple (while the cables themselves remain black). On the front of the housing are four LED indicator lights , a USB-C port , and a power button . Each light represents 25 percent of the battery's capacity, while the USB-C port is used to charge the pack itself, or connect a cable of your own to it and provide up to 18W of charging power in either direction. The built-in USB-C and Lightning cables are also capable of up to 18W of charging power , but the pack has an overall limit of 23W if you're using more than one connection at a time. The pack supports passthrough charging , allowing you to charge the battery and a device (or devices) at the same time. You also don't have to turn the pack on in order for it to start charging your phone or tablet. I like Belkin's products, and that opinion doesn't change after using the Belkin BoostUp Charge Plus 10K . It's a reliable, if also slightly novel backup battery, that's on the high end of the price scale for a 10,000mAh pack . However, the added benefit of integrated cables does mean you have one less thing to worry about when you're packing. For some, that's worth the added cost.", "RAVPower Portable Power Station 252.7Wh Power House , a $179 powerhouse that looks more like a portable speaker than something you'd plug a 110v gadget into, or that could power a lamp for 37:26 minutes. The package Included in the box with the power station is a soft carrying case for holding the station and the included 110V DC charger . Using the 110V DC charger , I was able to go from empty to full in 6 hours and 23 minutes , or 23 minutes longer than RAVPower's published estimate. Alternatively, you can charge the station using a 60W PD adapter through the USB-C port , which should charge the station in just under 5 hours. As its name implies, this power station has a total capacity of 252.7Wh , or 70,200mAh . To put that into perspective, the current iPhone 12 Pro has a battery capacity of 2,815mAh. The tall, cube-like design is all black , with a handle on the top . There are feet on the bottom of the station that hold it off the ground slightly, but also prevent it from slipping off a smooth surface. Buttons and ports are distributed among the station's four sides: on one side, indicator light reveal the station's charge level; another side has the power button and a flashlight; the third has two DC ports; and the fourth side has three USB ports and a lone USB-C PD port . On the top of the housing, you'll find two 2-prong 110V outlets , along with a power button and another indicator light . Two of the three USB ports max out at 12W total , while the third one, and you'll know which one it is because it's green, is capable of 18W max output . The USB-C port can accept or dish out up to 60W of power, and for any of the ports, you don't need to turn on the power station first. Just plug in your USB cable, connect your phone or tablet (or what have you), and it'll start charging. Using the 110V outlets works a little differently. You can get 250W from a single outlet; if you use both outlets, you'll max out at 300W . Before the AC outlets are active, you'll need to press and hold the small button between the two outlets until the indicator light turns on. Now plug in something like a lamp or laptop charger (as long as it doesn't have a three-prong ground plug). Overall, the RAVPower Portable Power Station 252.7Wh Power House punches above its weight. It's one of the most affordable power stations I've tested, and it performed very well. The inclusion of a bag to carry it, a 6 hour charging time and a high efficiency make it perfect to toss in the trunk of your car for a weekend camping trip or keep charged in your hallway cabinet for the occasional power outage. If nothing else, you'll be able to keep your phones and tablets charged and yourself entertained until service returns.", "The PowerAdd Slim 2 is as basic as power banks get, with just a micro-USB input , a USB-A output and no support for any fast-charging standards. What's more, it's slow. The USB-A output is specified as 10W , but in our tests we measured the output at between 7W and 9W depending on the phone. A 15-minute charge only raised the level on our test smartphone by 7%. However, the PowerAdd Slim 2 has three things going for it. It's nice and small, at just 10.5cm long , with a tube shape that fits easily into a pocket, bag or handbag. It's also cheap: you can pick one up for \u20ac15. Most of all, the design has proved rock-solid and reliable, and we have one that's still going strong after a couple of years of on and off use. You won't get anything more than you pay for, but it's a budget power bank that does the job.", "Calling this compact power bank a three-charge model would have made sense in the days when flagship smartphones had a 3,500mAh battery, but is probably pushing it in an era of 4,800mAh monster phones. That aside, though, this is a great little power bank, small and light enough to be easily pocketable , but with enough charge to get you through a weekend away. You can charge it through micro-USB or USB-C , with the USB-C input squirreled away on the side, and you can even charge two devices simultaneously. It's not a fast charger, by any means. We measured the USB-A output at 8.85W and the USB-C at 9.85W , which was enough to recharge our test smartphone by just 11% and 13% respectively in 15 minutes. However, we love the tough, slightly rubberized casing , the digital capacity display and the fact that it comes in a range of colors. If you're looking for a small power bank to recharge with while you're out and about, the Juice 3 Charger is a great option.", "The Zendure SuperMini 20W is the total package when it comes to charging a smartphone or other small electronic device while on the go. It's compact and lightweight: around the size of a deck of cards and as heavy as an iPhone 13. Yet its capacity rating is as high as any of our other picks. If you want a power bank that you can easily slip into a pocket or purse as you walk out the door but that still contains enough juice to charge most smartphones up to three times, this is the one to get. The Zendure SuperMini 20W has a port on each end: a USB-C PD port on one side that works for both output and input (meaning it's how you recharge the power bank itself), and a standard output-only USB-A port on the other. In our tests, we measured a maximum output of 18.6 watts and a maximum input of 19.3 watts from the USB-C port , and a maximum output of 16.6 watts from the output-only USB-A port . While those numbers fall a little short of its 20 W output rating , the Zendure SuperMini 20W is still powerful enough to charge most devices at top speed from either port, or to charge two devices simultaneously at slightly slower speeds. With a capacity rating of 10,000 mAh , you can fully charge your phone up to three times. The exterior of the Zendure SuperMini 20W is a hard, shiny, plastic shell that's relatively resistant to scuffs and scratches . It comes in a variety of colors (red, green, black, silver, blue, and pink) and, measuring just 3.1 x 2.2 x 1 inches , fits in the palm of your hand. It weighs 6.4 ounces which is about as much as a hockey puck, which is lighter than any other 10,000 mAh power bank we tested. The SuperMini unit is backed by Zendure's two-year warranty which is longer than that of any of our other picks and which should give you plenty of time to test it out and ensure you don't have a dud. We've also had good experiences with Zendure's customer support in the more than five years we've been reviewing its products.", "You might be tempted by the $899 Frigidaire Gallery 30-Inch Electric Range . Sure, clad in a handsome stainless steel finish designed to repel fingerprints and grease smears, the Gallery sports premium good looks . The compact oven also includes a hidden bake element, a five-burner range complete with a speedy quick-boil burner plus a controllable warming zone . Wrapped in stainless steel , the Frigidaire Gallery 30-Inch Electric Range is attractively styled, at least for a mid-range slide-in model. Both the flat control panel backsplash and oven door sport the same classy steel treatment along with the cover of the warming drawer beneath it. You'll find the oven handle feels sturdy, too. The Gallery Electric Range's sharp appearance extends to its flat, ceramic cooktop . Smooth, glossy, and deep black (a finish Frigidaire describes as black porcelain) the Gallery's cooking surface holds four circular electric burners (two small, one large, and one combo small/medium). A fifth medium-sized hot zone (located at the back center of the range) isn't a true burner for cooking but rather functions as a region to keep finished food warm. You can adjust the temperature of this warmer using its own dedicated knob control . I was also happy see that the aforementioned combo burner (front right section of the stovetop) has a quick-boil feature . Additionally the flexible heating surface , consisting of two concentric rings , lets you either activate a small or medium burner individually or crank them both up in unison for maximum cooking power.", "This smart, feature-loaded gas range is an upgrade from our now-discontinued previous winner, the LG LSG4511ST. LSGL6337F Smart Slide-In Gas Range has a spacious ProBake convection oven , but with added features like air fry , air sous vide and even an InstaView window that allows you to tap twice and see what's cooking inside without opening the door. This range has easy-to-use knobs and a digital display on a slanted panel. We also like LG's smart diagnosis feature that transmits data via your phone directly to LG Customer Information Center to troubleshoot without stress. Though, it did take a few tries to get connected to the app during testing. In our testing, we found that the balanced cooktop provided even heat distribution , boiled water quickly and kept water at a constant simmer . Throw in an 18,500 BTU power burner , self-clean options and a reasonable price tag, and you've got yourself a great gas range for almost any kitchen.", "RV Stove Gas Range 21 with Optional Range Vent HoodMeasuring a small 17.25 deep by 21.5 wide by 20 high , this small stove is perfect for a smaller RV kitchen . No longer will you need to scavenge around the various restaurants for a good meal. The stove top has three gas burners and temperature controls that can light up. Powered through electrical power and propane power , it into the circuitry of a 12V RV system (if your system isn't 12V, you'll need a converter). There is an optional range hood with a fan and lighting controls and the oven has about 51 liters of inner volume . Easy to use and space-effective, there is a stovetop cover as well, attached to the back of the stove. This cover is a lifesaver for space, covering up the stovetop so that it is not always open and exposed. With a stove and oven like this (and possibly even the range hood vent as well), you won't want to go anywhere else for a good meal other than your own kitchen.Details:Dimensions: 17.25D x 21.5W x 20H (15.5H door) Color: Black or silverOven and stove top capabilities: 3 burnersLight up temperature controls stovetop cover Optional range hood with fan and lighting controls 12V DC51L inner volume Gas power: propane power .", "Bose QuietComfort Earbuds II . These new wireless , Bluetooth 5.3 , noise-canceling earbuds from Bose weren't designed with a one-size-fits-all approach. These next-generation wireless earbuds are engineered to fit you. They intelligently personalize the noise cancellation and sound performance for uninterrupted, immersive listening wherever you are. To ensure all-day comfort and a secure fit, they come with three pairs of ear tips and three pairs of custom stability bands , so you can find the best fit for your ears. Own your uniqueness with sound and fit shape to you. Bose QuietComfort Earbuds II intelligently personalizes the noise cancellation and sound performance to your ears, so you can enjoy the deep, immersive sound and the world's best noise cancellation . To ensure your wireless earbuds feel comfortable and stay put no matter what you're doing, Bose QuietComfort Earbuds II comes with a Bose Fit Kit . The convenient Bose Fit Kit includes three pairs of ear tips and three pairs of custom stability bands made from soft silicone for all-day comfort and a secure fit. Use the simple touch interface on the wireless earbuds to control everything. This convenient interface frees your hands so you can stay focused on whatever you're doing. With simple swipes and taps, play or pause music, the noise cancellation level, all without ever touching your phone. Stay absorbed in the music you love for up to 6 hours . When not in use, store your Bose QuietComfort Earbuds II in the portable charging case . It's small enough to fit in your pocket. If the battery gets low, voice prompts to let you know. Out of power and don't have enough time to charge fully? The quick-charge option provides up to 2 hours of battery life from a 20-minute charge. To ensure your earbuds stay connected to your device, Bose QuietComfort Earbuds II offers advanced Bluetooth 5.3 capability. This newest generation of technology offers a strong, continuous connection as long as you're within 30 feet of the paired device. The earbuds keep track of the last seven paired devices to easily swap between them without reconnecting.", "Jabra Elite 7 Pro in-Ear Bluetooth Earbuds . Your music is about to get a serious upgrade; With 6mm custom speakers and Jabra MultiSensor Voice technology , experience revolutionary call performance and outstanding music from anywhere. Thanks to the adjustable Active Noise Cancellation , the ultra-compact earphones with rich and powerful sound let you fully immerse yourself in your music. Jabra MultiSensor Voice technology combines four powerful microphones with an advanced Voice Pick Up (VPU) sensor in each bud, Jabra MultiSensor Voice technology completely reinvents calls on the go. Hear your surroundings while on a call with the HearThrough technology . Each offers up to 8 hours battery and 30hrs with the case . Our latest pioneering technology tests your hearing in the Jabra Sound+ app , and tailors your music to suit your hearing profile; My Sound makes the music you love even better. Get the best and improved performance by updating your headset through Jabra Sound+ App .", "The Apple AirPods Pro 2nd generation Truly Wireless is the next generation of the Apple AirPods Pro Truly Wireless. They look remarkably similar to their predecessor, but there have been some notable changes. The The Apple AirPods Pro 2nd generation Truly Wireless has an upgraded H2 chip , which the manufacturer advertises to improve their audio performance and lets you seamlessly pair them with other devices in your Apple ecosystem. Their carrying case allows you to easily track it if you misplace the case. Their ANC has improved, and their sound profile has been tweaked for a better all-around experience.", "Why pay more to print? Our KODAK Mini 3 Retro photo printer is the most affordable option to print right from your home. Photos are more affordable if purchased as a printer bundle. KODAK Mini 3 Retro photo printer uses 4Pass Technology to print flawless photos instantly. Each photo is printed in layers of ribbon with a laminating process so it prints long-lasting quality photos . The KODAK Mini 3 Retro photo printer supports both border and borderless type photos. Write down your memories in the border type so they last forever. Print the borderless type to have larger-sized photos. Download the KODAK Photo Printer application to print anywhere and anytime. You can use the fun augmented reality features and other decorative functions like beauty, filters, frames, and more. KODAK Mini 3 Retro photo printer fits right in your hands and your bag to conveniently print. This portable photo printer is all you need to create unforgettable memories with your loved ones.", "The best home printer we've tested is the Epson EcoTank Photo ET-8550 . This all-in-one produces sharp, high-quality documents as well as incredibly detailed and colorful photos. It's a super tank model , meaning it has a refillable ink tank instead of cartridges. A set of ink yields thousands of prints, and replacement ink is cheap, so you don't need to worry about high maintenance costs. It takes about 50 seconds to print a 4'' x 6'' photo on glossy paper, and it supports paper sizes up to 13'' x 19'' , which is great for making posters. To be clear, this is a photo printer first, so if you only plan on printing documents, you can easily find cheaper models that can do it just as well, like the mid-range picks we have below. This model also lacks features like an automatic document feeder and duplex scanning, though it does produce amazing scans. You can connect to the printer via Wi-Fi , USB, or Ethernet and can print directly from an SD card .", "The company's new Pixma TS-series replaces the MG-series, but at heart, they remain the same: all-in-one inkjet printer for the home and serve the same customer. In this Canon Pixma TS9020 review, we take a look at the flagship model: a six-color multifunction printer that prints, scans, and copies, with the bonus of producing excellent quality photo output up to 8x10 inches . With the Canon Pixma TS9020 , Canon has redesigned the look of its consumer inkjet models: less curvy, and boxier. We know taste is subjective, but we find the compact all-in-one (14.7 x 12.8 x 5.6 inches; 15 pounds) sleek, with its two-tone, glossy black and white exterior (it's also available in red). Lift the white lid to reveal the flatbed scanner.", "Our former top pick has been upgraded to the Rowenta DW5280 Focus , and although it wasn't as strong a contender this time around as the previous model, it's still an excellent iron for heavy-duty ironing . Of the four new irons we tested for this 2022 update, the Rowenta DW5280 Focus was by far the easiest to fill. The iron was designed to be filled lying horizontally, and the extra-wide water-filling inlet makes it a breeze, whether filling with a cup or simply straight out of the faucet. It was also easy to see the maximum fill line since the water tank is see-through. This model has a laser-etched stainless-steel soleplate with Rowenta's patented Precision Tip for getting into corners and buttonholes. Most impressive is its steam burst , which was the most powerful of the other irons tested and most effective at steaming wrinkles before and during ironing. The Rowenta DW5280 Focus has an even steam dispersion but it didn't seem to emit much steam, so we used the steam burst throughout. The iron has a very fine spray mist that doesn't spit and spatter, but although the Rowenta doesn't leak, droplets occasionally drip out of the spray hole. The Rowenta DW5280 Focus heats up to the maximum temperature in a minute , and when it hits the desired temperature, an orange preheating light goes out. The solidly constructed iron has a good weight so we didn't need to press heavily or redo areas. Overall, as with the previous model, the Rowenta DW5280 Focus relieves the burden of ironing and helps you get it done faster.", "Another worthy alternative is the Singer SteamLogic Plus 770 . This steam iron does have a couple of quirks, but overall it has more pluses than minuses. The Singer SteamLogic Plus 770 has a horseshoe-shaped ring of LED lights for four levels of heat that light up when the touchscreen power button is pressed. It hits the maximum temperature in one minute , the ready alert beeps and the LED ceases flashing when the iron is hot enough. Singer SteamLogic Plus 770 is easy to fill horizontally with the included well-designed pitcher , but like the Mueller, it's hard to see the water level because of the dark gray water tank . When standing vertically, the Singer SteamLogic Plus 770 steam burst is unimpressive, but when holding it horizontally while ironing, the burst is strong. It also had excellent steam dispersion , and wrinkles were ironed out in a single pass. The Singer is leak-proof but now and then a drop would emit from the spray. This steam iron has an extra long 12-foot cord but has no internal storage. Although the long cord was great for maneuvering around the ironing board, there is the issue of wrapping it up for storing the iron. The Singer SteamLogic Plus 770 has good weight without being too heavy and doesn't require much pressing down. It doesn't have a precision tip, so it wasn't good with corners and buttons, but generally, the Singer had very good glide ability and coverage.", "Oliso Pro TG1600 Smart Iron deserves special mention as an iron designed for creative types. It's the most high-tech and forward-thinking of all the finalists with its unique innovations. Its construction and engineering are high-quality and well-executed. Its most unique feature is its iTouch Technology , which enables touch sensors to mechanically lift the iron when not in use to prevent the burning and scorching of fabrics. With crafters and creators at the forefront, this feature is wonderful for those who need to multi-task and or work with sensitive fabrics. It works surprisingly well, speaking to its overall high-quality design. In a line-up, it has a stands out soleplate design . While stainless steel is notorious for sticking to crafting materials like transfers, Oliso Pro TG1600 Smart Iron overcomes this shortcoming by adding a textured surface. Oliso Pro TG1600 Smart Iron unique stainless steel soleplate gives us the advantages of both stainless steel and ceramic without their drawbacks."]